art001
======

**Teaching Chemistry with Arduino Experiments in a Mixed Virtual‑Physical Learning Environment - 2021**

A study with K-9 Greek students was conducted in order to evaluate how the declarative knowledge acquisition was 
affected by incorporating Arduino experiments in secondary Chemistry Education. A Digital Application (DA) that blends 
the use of the Arduino sensors’ experiments with digital educational material, including Virtual Labs (VLs), was 
constructed from scratch to be used through the Interactive Board (IB) as a learning tool by three different student 
groups (N = 154). In the first stage of the learning process, all groups used only the digital material of the DA. In 
the second stage, the three groups used different learning tools of the DA. Through the IB, the first group used 
Arduino experiments, the second one the VLs, and the third only static visualizations. A pre- to post-test statistical 
analysis demonstrated that the first two groups were equivalent in regard to achievement in declarative knowledge tests 
and of a higher level than the third group. Therefore, it can be concluded that conducting Arduino experiments in a 
mixed virtual-physical environment results in equivalent learning gains in declarative knowledge as those attained by 
using VL experimentation through the IB.

Se realizó un estudio con estudiantes griegos de primaria (de K-9) para evaluar cómo la incorporación de experimentos 
con Arduino en la enseñanza de la química en la educación secundaria afectaba la adquisición de conocimiento 
declarativo. Se construyó desde cero una aplicación digital (AD) que combina el uso de experimentos con sensores 
Arduino con material educativo digital, incluyendo laboratorios virtuales (LV), para ser utilizada a través de la 
pizarra interactiva (PI) como herramienta de aprendizaje por tres grupos de estudiantes diferentes (N = 154). En la 
primera etapa del proceso de aprendizaje, todos los grupos utilizaron únicamente el material digital de la AD. En la 
segunda etapa, los tres grupos utilizaron diferentes herramientas de aprendizaje de la AD. A través de la PI, el primer 
grupo utilizó experimentos con Arduino, el segundo los LV y el tercero solo visualizaciones estáticas. Un análisis 
estadístico pre y post-prueba demostró que los dos primeros grupos obtuvieron resultados equivalentes en las pruebas de 
conocimiento declarativo y de un nivel superior al del tercer grupo. Por lo tanto, se puede concluir que la realización 
de experimentos con Arduino en un entorno mixto virtual-físico produce ganancias de aprendizaje en conocimiento 
declarativo equivalentes a las obtenidas mediante la experimentación con LV a través de la PI.

$$$$$

El conocimiento declarativo es el conjunto de hechos, conceptos, datos e ideas que se almacenan conscientemente en la 
memoria a largo plazo y pueden expresarse verbalmente o por escrito. Se conoce como "saber qué" (ej. "París es la 
capital de Francia") y se contrapone al conocimiento procedimental o "saber cómo".

* Características Principales: Es 
descriptivo, consciente, estático y fácil de enseñar o verbalizar.
* Componentes: Incluye conocimientos factuales (hechos 
específicos, datos) y conceptuales (principios, teorías).
* Ejemplos: Conocer fechas históricas, definiciones, fórmulas 
matemáticas, reglas gramaticales o nombres de capitales.
* Almacenamiento: Se organiza en la memoria episódica (eventos) y 
semántica (hechos generales).

Este tipo de conocimiento es fundamental en el aprendizaje académico y la formación de 
conceptos, constituyendo la base de lo que sabemos sobre el mundo.

$$$$$

Declarative knowledge tests measure a person’s conscious knowledge of facts, data, and concepts, often referred to as 
"knowing that". These assessments focus on "who, what, when, and where" information rather than the "how" of procedural 
knowledge.

Here are common methods and examples for testing declarative knowledge:

1. Typical Assessment 

* MethodsMultiple-Choice Questions (MCQs): These are commonly used to assess factual recall, such as historical dates, 
scientific facts, or vocabulary.
* Written or Oral Reports: Book reports or history reports allow students to demonstrate 
their understanding of facts and concepts.
* Fill-in-the-Blank and Matching Exercises: Used for defining terms and pairing 
concepts.
* Short Answer Tests: Questions asking to define, describe, or list information (e.g., "What is the capital of 
France?").
* Verbal Explanations: Explaining a concept in one's own words.

2. Examples of Declarative Knowledge Questions

* History: "In what year was the Declaration of Independence signed?"
* Science: "What is the formula for the area 
of a circle?"
* Vocabulary: "Define the word 'ephemeral'."
* Geography: "What are the three largest oceans on Earth?"
* General 
Knowledge: "Who wrote the play Hamlet?"

3. Key Characteristics and Tools

* Focus on Accuracy: These tests focus on whether 
the stored information is correct.
* Easy to Verbalize: Declarative knowledge is explicitly stated or written.
* Preparation 
for Higher Learning: These tests form the foundation for critical thinking and problem-solving.
* Self-Assessment: Tools 
like this Self-Assessment Quiz 1 can help learners review factual knowledge.

4. Comparison with Procedural Assessments

While declarative tests check "what" you know, procedural tests evaluate "how" you do something, usually 
through performance or demonstration.

* Declarative: Knowing the rules of grammar.
* Procedural: Writing an essay using 
correct grammar.

For more interactive examples, check out this Declarative Knowledge Review Quiz.

$$$$$

Introduction

The incorporation of Information and Communications Technologies (ICT) in secondary education appears to be an 
important factor in European countries’ strategy, since it seems to ensure the effectiveness of their education systems 
(Conrads et al., 2017) and the competitiveness of their economy (European Commission, 2018). New ICT tools are 
constantly being developed, based on which various learning environments can be designed. However, gauging student 
achievement is important not only for the development of sound pedagogical best practices but also for school financial 
administration as an investment on new ICT tools should be justified properly.

A state-of-the-art learning tool is the microcontroller technology, with Arduino being one of the most popular, as it 
is suitable for people with little knowledge of electronics

(Urban, 2014). It can be used in conjunction with various low-cost sensors to produce highly accurate and reliable 
measurements (Alo et al., 2020; Pino et al., 2019). Therefore, it is considered a valuable tool for implementing 
laboratory work in Chemistry education (Kubínová & Šlégr, 2015; Grinias et al., 2016). Through the addition of Arduino 
to the infrastructure of schools, teachers are given the opportunity to use it as a means of experimentation as a 
support of common teaching practices. For example, in Greek Chemistry Secondary Education, some common practices 
involve teaching without experiments or with experiments through demonstration (Tountoulidis, 2011), or even using 
Virtual Labs (VLs), videos, etc., on the Interactive Board (IB) (Vagelatos & Angelopoulos, 2017).

If the empirical data can support that the addition of Arduino experiments can offer at least equivalent learning 
outcomes as current practices, given their many other affordances, an argument can be made for their acceptance as a 
support of current practices (Brinson, 2015). So, this study aims to evaluate the learning outcomes on Chemistry 
knowledge acquisition of K-9 students by substituting VL experiments through demonstration with Arduino ones in a mixed 
virtual-physical learning environment.

Theoretical Framework

RLabs and VLabs

Experimentation can develop understanding related to the scientific content, problem solving skills, science processes 
skills, understanding the nature of science, students’ self-confidence and high-order cognitive skills (Ural, 2016; 
Wahyuni & Analita, 2017; Tsaparlis & Gorezi, 2005).

However, in Greek Junior High schools, teaching Chemistry is mainly based on factual knowledge with limited 
mathematical foundations, according to the instructions of the Greek national curriculum. In addition, although 
hands-on laboratory work is an indispensable element of understanding chemistry courses, various limiting factors such 
as insufficient lab infrastructure, overpopulated classes, lack of teachers’ self-confidence, and an excessive amount 
of time and effort required to conduct accurate experiments result to the use of experiments through demonstration and 
in many cases in the absence of experiments (Davenport, 2018; Tatli & Ayas, 2013; Kurbanoglu & Akim, 2010; 
Tountoulidis, 2011).

Consequently, Chemistry teachers usually focus on the presentation of school textbook theory on the conventional board 
using static visualizations of the school textbook. Students are required to acquire mainly declarative knowledge of 
Chemistry and applied exams focus on testing the acquisition of this type of knowledge. The declarative knowledge is 
domain-specific, consisting of facts, theory, names, relations, and links representing meaningful connections between 
concepts, whereas procedural knowledge includes the effective implementation of skills and strategies (Hong, 2018; 
Stevenson, 1998; Sariscsany & Pettigrew 1997; Anderson, 1983). The main learning process of declarative knowledge is 
understanding and remembering the knowledge, whereas procedural knowledge is firstly knowing it is associated 
declarative knowledge, and then of enacting the skill via practice (Hong 2018).

Furthermore, the activities using VLs, videos, etc., on the IB that Greek teachers may apply can foster declarative 
knowledge acquisition (Hong, 2018; Webster, 2016; Sariscsany & Pettigrew, 1997). VLs are educational environments that 
are considered as alternatives of RLs (Wu et al., 2019; Zacharia & Anderson, 2003; Dalgarno et al., 2009). In them 
virtual objects like Chemistry, instruments and substances can be manipulated by students during the learning process. 
Researchers highlight the educational use of VLs for their contribution to learning (Zacharia et al., 2019; Olympiou & 
Zacharia, 2012; Zacharia & Olympiou, 2011; Zacharia & Anderson,

2003; Zacharia, 2007) and suggest that they may have complementary affordances with physical hands-on manipulatives 
(Kapici et al., 2019).

However, some educators are critical in exposing students only to VLs, as the only way to acquire fine laboratory 
skills is through actual hands-on experience (Potkonjak et al., 2016) and state that careful consideration should be 
given concerning the question if a VL would be the best teaching tool (Crandall et al., 2015). Physical hands-on 
experiments engage students (Flick, 1993) and offer realistic contexts that provide perceptually rich sensory-motor 
experiences, allowing students to connect new to prior experiences (GoldStone & Son, 2005). In addition, some 
researchers found that the use of ICT may have relatively small effects on academic outcomes (Cristia et al., 2017; Ma 
et al. 2020). This can be attributed to the fact that effects on knowledge acquisition depend on the manner teachers 
integrate ICT into their teaching process (Comi et al., 2017) and to the fact that negative effects could occur if they 
are exploited to practice skills and procedures (Falck et al., 2018). As a result, some scholars claim that the use of 
ICT and especially of virtual representations instead of physical manipulation, deprive students of hands-on 
experiences leading to negative effects on learning (Scheckler, 2003; Clark, 1994). Instead, they highlight the 
importance of learning through RL activities (Falck et al., 2018; Wang & Tseng, 2018; Zacharia et al., 2008; Zendler & 
Greiner, 2020). Therefore, the use of VLs is regarded by a large portion of science educators as a surrogate for RLs 
(Zacharia, 2007).

While research shows that physical and virtual representations have complementary advantages (Olympiou & Zacharia, 
2012), whether or not a physical, virtual, or blended mode is most effective, it likely depends not only on the mode 
itself but also on the learning content and on the specific design of a representation (Rau, 2020). Selecting physical 
manipulatives over virtual ones, and vice versa, requires knowing which conditions favor one over the other and the 
only way to specify this is through further research (Zacharia et al., 2019). Since, we are far from being able to 
predict when and why a physical or a virtual mode is effective (Rau, 2020), it is interesting to develop and evaluate 
the learning effects of a mixed learning environment where virtual and physical manipulatives using Arduino 
microcontroller can be combined.

Microcontroller Technology

Open-source microelectronics have become increasingly useful in Chemistry due to their low cost (Urban, 2015). A 
microcontroller is a compact, integrated circuit designed to control specific processes, receive signals from a wide 
variety of sensors and interact with activators (Enciso et al., 2018). Microcontroller technology has been used in many 
studies to create an interface of the physical environment with a

virtual one (Edwards et al., 2019; Kuan et al., 2016; Suwondo & Sulisworo, 2017; Fatani et al., 2018; Papadopoulos & 
Jannakoudakis, 2016; Spikol et al., 2018). Measurements taken in physical systems using Arduino sensors can be 
transmitted through a USB cable or wirelessly (Mavridis & Tsiatsos, 2017), e.g. through an HC-06 Bluetooth module, to a 
PC, a smartphone or a tablet. The acquired data can be processed in digital form by using appropriate software (El 
Hammoumi et al., 2018; Nichols, 2017; Grinias et al., 2016) and displayed directly on a screen in real-time (Urban, 
2014).

Arduino and other similar microcontrollers have already been used in various educational Chemistry applications as 
there is a wide variety of sensors which can be used, that are not expensive and produce highly accurate and reliable 
measurements (Pino et al., 2019). Arduino technology has been exploited for the construction of inexpensive Chemistry 
measuring devices such as pH meters and thermometers (Kubínová & Šlégr, 2015) that can even be used for students with 
visual impairment (Costa & Fernandes, 2019; Soong et al., 2018). Teachers can use these devices, exploiting a 
projector, an IB (Walkowiak & Nehring, 2016), or an LCD display (Pető, 2020) in order to monitor measurements.

For example, Kubínová and Šlégr (2015) proposed an inexpensive instrument based on Arduino technology as an educational 
tool for pH and temperature measurements in secondary education. This experimental device can be used in combination 
with a large enough display to be easily readable from every point in the classroom during demonstrations and 
experiments performed by students.

Arduino Integrated Development Environment (IDE) is the most commonly used environment for programming and for 
displaying data through a USB connection with a PC (Urban, 2014). In addition, researchers developed open-source 
software written in Python to enable easy, inexpensive data acquisition from Arduino, compatible with PC or Mac 
(Grinias et al., 2016).

These technological capabilities point out that Arduino is appropriate for integrating the ability to produce 
measurements with physical instruments and substances in a mixed virtualphysical learning environment. This learning 
environment should have the adaptability to be used either for demonstrations or experiments performed by students, for 
which Arduino technology has been proven as appropriate (Kubínová & Šlégr, 2015). In addition, in Greece, the large 
screens that are available for demonstration in most schools are IBs, and therefore, a mixed virtual-physical learning 
environment should have the ability to interface with these tools.

Aims of the Study

Arduino sensors can be used in order to perform experiments through a demonstration using physical instruments and 
substances, and the acquired data can be processed and

displayed on the IB. In addition, the IB can be exploited in order to apply activities through VLs. With proper design, 
a mixed virtual-physical learning environment could be achieved by incorporating Arduino instrumentation through IB.

Therefore, based on the above learning materials, instruments and techniques, three research questions have been set:

1. By using IB, is there a difference in declarative knowledge acquisition when teaching with a mixed virtual-physical 
environment vs. teaching with VL?

2. By using IB, is there a difference in declarative knowledge acquisition when teaching with a mixed virtual-physical 
environment vs. teaching with no experiments at all?

3. By using IB, is there a difference in declarative knowledge acquisition when teaching with VLs vs. teaching with no 
experiments at all?

In order to answer these questions, a Digital Application (DA) was constructed which incorporated text, images, videos, 
digital concept maps, and VLs, aimed to be used through the IB. Also, an interface was added by which an Arduino sensor 
could be controlled, calibrated, and monitored through the IB.

Research Design and Tools

Construction of the DA

Α DA was constructed from scratch that concerned the thematic unit of “acids and bases.” This unit corresponds to the 
3rd class of Greek Junior High School, where K-9 students are attending. Course objectives were defined after a 
thorough analysis of the school textbook, by taking into consideration the instructions given by the Greek Educational 
Policy Institute and common student misconceptions reported in the literature (Demircioglu et al., 2005; Horton, 2007). 
The objectives were evaluated by 15 in service Chemistry teachers, 4 school counselors, and 1 academic Chemistry 
teacher. Then, manuscripts of concept maps involving the content to be taught were constructed and discussed with 6 
school teachers.

Twelve simulations of VLs were constructed from scratch (Fig. 1). All the VLs, supplemented by additional digital 
objects, like digital concept maps, animations, and photos, were utilized for the production of the DA (Fig. 2). Mayer 
and Moreno (2002) rules were taken into consideration, in order to construct all the necessary digital material and 
efforts were made to refer to real-life situations (e.g. wasp bites, stomach disturbances, everyday materials) so that 
the new knowledge would be meaningful to students (Herranen et al., 2019; Childs et al., 2015; Broman et al., 2018; 
Bulte et al., 2006).

The developed DA had a predetermined learning path that was divided into continuous subsections. Each of these 
subsections had three steps according to the Predict-ObserveExplain (POE) model (Zacharia et al., 2008). For example, 
in

“Research Design and Tools” there were VL activities in which the first step was to predict the effect of adding 
another solution on the pH or on the color of the solution. In the next step, the teacher performed this procedure 
using the appropriate virtual

instruments and substances while students observed the result in a plenary format. At the last step, students consulted 
in groups of two in order to reach a conclusion, to rationalize potential differences between the prediction and the 
result, and to derive a general rule without the use of mathematical formalism, as this is not part of the curriculum. 
These steps were followed during the construction of the DA given that many Greek Science teachers were familiar with 
them due to their attendance to advanced level learning of educators in ICT performed in recent years (Nikolopoulou & 
Gialamas, 2016).

A table of contents and a detailed menu were incorporated to be used for accessing any subsection of the DA (Fig. 3).

According to De Jong (2019), adaptive forms of guidance should be available in educational technology. Therefore, a 
menu was added in some VLs in order to give to the “experienced” user the flexibility to select which instruments will 
be used for a specific task, in order to follow a different path than the predefined one (Fig. 4).

The construction of the DA followed all the aforementioned stages as shown schematically in Fig. 5.

Arduino Interface

An Arduino pH Sensor had to be connected and manipulated through the DA on the IB. In order to accomplish this, an 
Arduino Uno R3 microcontroller and a Gravity Analog pH sensor v1.1 were utilized (DFRobot, 2019). Connection of the 
microcontroller with the PC was made possible through a USB cable and as alternative through a HC-06 Bluetooth module 
(Table 1).

In order to connect both the pH sensor and the Bluetooth HC-06 module on the microcontroller, the use of a breadboard

was required. By providing both types of connection (i.e. wired and wireless), the educator can use either in 
accordance with the layout of the classroom or School Lab and the available infrastructure. The Arduino 
microcontroller, the breadboard, the Bluetooth module, the pH sensor, and the battery were placed in a small case, from 
which the USB cable and the sensor electrode came out (Fig. 6). In this way, the Arduino system is relatively portable 
between different IBs.

Arduino was programmed using Arduino IDE on a Windows PC. The sketch developed for that purpose

relied mainly on the code provided by the sensor’s manufacturer (DFRobot, 2019) and on the Uduino library (Teyssier, 
2019). This sketch permitted Arduino to calculate the pH value from the electrode output voltage, and the resulting 
value was transferred in real-time through USB or Bluetooth connection into a

Windows PC by using Uduino library and a C# code that exploited the Uduino plugin (Teyssier, 2019) and was developed on 
Unity 3D Visual Studio. By using the code, pH values were displayed on a virtual analog/digital pH meter (Fig. 7). 
“Calibration” of the virtual pH meter was realized before experiment using distilled water as a standard solution by 
pressing an “up” or “down” button on the digital pH meter.

In addition, calibration of the sensor was realized by the teacher before conducting the Teaching Intervention (TI) 
using pH = 4.00 and pH = 7.00 standard solutions (DFRobot, 2019). All of these components were incorporated in the 
start screen of the DA (Fig. 7).

Paper‑and‑Pencil Worksheets

Two worksheets were constructed to be used in combination with the DA. In these worksheets guidance of student’s 
attention to the important aspects of the learning task

was achieved by breaking tasks to smaller, simpler, more manageable (sub)tasks (Efstathiou et al., 2018; De Jong, 
2019).

More specifically, the first worksheet (WS1) was constructed in such a way to follow the above-mentioned steps of 
activities according to the POE model. This worksheet corresponded to the first three sections of the DA concerning: 
(a) an introduction to household and laboratory acidic and alkaline solutions, (b) the properties of the acidic and 
alkaline solutions, and (c) Arrhenius theory and pH measurement methods.

The second worksheet (WS2) followed a different path than the predetermined of the DA regarding mixing of solutions and 
their effect on the pH value, and the neutralization of solutions. This worksheet followed inquiry learning phases with 
a number of relevant sub processes (Pedaste et al., 2015) that could help teachers and students to monitor the learning 
process (De Jong, 2019). This type of learning was selected, since it is a part of science curricula worldwide 
(Herranen, 2019) and results of this research could be comparable between various educational systems. Additionally, 
research data have shown that the combination of POE and inquiry was very successful in providing meaningful experience 
through experimentation with physical manipulation and/or virtual manipulation (Zacharia et al., 2008), and therefore, 
it was exploited in this research. However, experiments through demonstration were performed in the research given that 
this is the most common Greek teaching practice of experimentation.

Three versions of the WS2 were constructed and differentiated only in the Experimentation sub-phase of the followed 
inquiry-based framework. Firstly, during Orientation phase, all students were introduced to the problem to be studied 
concerning the changeable pH value of Greek sea water (Gianni et al., 2013) as well as, of acid-rain due to human 
activities or natural phenomena. Following the conceptualization phase, students were asked to hypothesize the 
potential effects of different pH values on aquatic life, on metal constructions, and on ancient marble monuments. In 
the next step, students proposed under appropriate assistance supplied by the teacher which laboratory experiments had 
to be carried out in order to determine the pH value changes as a result of the above human activities or natural 
phenomena.

Afterwards, during Experimentation, the three versions of WS2s were differentiated in regard to the means by which 
students studied possible pH changes. According to the first version of WS2, students had to observe experiments 
implemented by the teacher through Arduino sensors, using solutions like tap water, vinegar and glass cleaner as well 
as simple instruments such as beakers, volumetric cylinders and wash bottles. A virtual analog/digital pH meter screen 
was used through the IB in order to record the pH changes during the experiments. In the second version of the WS2, 
students had to observe the corresponding VL experiments of the DA on the IB. In the third version, only drawings of 
glassware and solutions on the IB were presented and the outcomes of the corresponding experiments were provided to the 
students without performing them.

At the end of each experiment, students were divided in groups of three or four in order to draw conclusions deduced 
from the experiments and then to make a hypothesis on the possible effects of the resulted pH value on aquatic life 
species, metal constructions, and on ancient monuments based on literature data (Gianni et al., 2013; Baedecker & 
Reddy, 1993; Charola, 1987; Kumar, 2017; Camuffo, 1992).

In the whole learning process, the educator had control over the IB and coordinated students’ activities, ensuring that 
they all kept the same pace of learning and the students observed Arduino or VL experiments in a plenary format.

Participants

In order to answer research questions, a pre- to post-test comparison was carried out in two public Junior High schools 
in Athens Greece during the school year 2018–2019. Two school teachers and 154 students participated in the main 
research. Consent was received from the School principal and the Parents Board of each School. The teachers were in 
service and had attended an official training program, named B-level, regarding the use of ICT in education 
(Nikolopoulou & Gialamas 2016). Students were 14 to 15 years old and attended the 3rd grade of Junior High school. 
Students in each school were distributed in three classes, in alphabetical order, and each student participated only in 
one type of group. The first group was named Arduino (AR) Group, the second

Virtual Lab (VL) Group, and the third one corresponds to the Control (C) Group.

Weekly consultations by the researchers were performed with the two teachers of the six classes participating in the 
study, in order to follow similar teaching interventions. It should be noticed that both teachers used the same DA, 
worksheets and questionnaires as well as, all groups had been taught the same didactic units according to the 
curriculum before conducting the research.

Instruments

In this study, the acquisition of declarative knowledge was evaluated in order to test the impact of the DA in a 
context of common Greek teaching practices. For this type of knowledge, objective-type questionnaires, like multiple 
choice, are considered as appropriate in the scientific literature (Ackerman & Smith, 1988; Abu-Zaid & Khan, 2013; 
Chéron et al., 2016; Dickson-Spillmann et al., 2011; Hong et al., 2018; Palmer & Devitt, 2007; Sariscsany & Pettigrew, 
1997; Itzek-Greulich et al., 2015, 2017; Glasson, 1989).

At first, a questionnaire consisting of 40 multiple choice questions was constructed based on the learning goals and 
common student misconceptions (Cartrette & Mayo, 2011; Demircioglu et al., 2005; Horton, 2007). Each question had four 
possible answers and one of which was correct.

Validity and reliability tests of the questionnaire (Q) were carried out (Muijs, 2010; Considine et al., 2005; Escudero 
et al., 2000). Questions were evaluated in relation to Content and Face Validity by 15 in service Chemistry teachers, 4 
school counselors, 1 academic Chemistry teacher, and 20 junior high school students. Following their suggestions,

the questions were revised properly. Then the revised questionnaire was administered to 194 students who had just been 
taught the thematic unit “acids and bases” in order to evaluate the discrimination index (DS) of each question. These 
students were different from those participating in the main research. DS was calculated from “item to total 
correlation” and DF from the number of correct answers divided by the number of total answers, by using SPSS software. 
Only questions that had DS > 0.3 were retained (Ding & Beichner, 2009; Escudero et al., 2000). Twenty-five of them were 
used to construct Q1 (see Appendix) and 14 of them to construct Q2 (see Appendix) according to the learning objectives 
taught in the particular research phases which are described in Fig. 8. All scores were redacted to a 100-degree scale.

Data Analysis

Procedure and Data Collection

Firstly, Q1 (Q1 pre) was distributed to all students as pre-test in order to evaluate if all teams were “equal” in 
terms of prior declarative knowledge as described in Fig. 8. Afterwards, the first phase of the teaching intervention 
(TI1) was applied in all groups by using the WS1 as well as, the DA on the IB. At this stage, only experiments with the 
VLs of the DA were performed. The TI1 concerned basic concepts of the thematic unit, i.e., the categorization of 
substances into acids and bases, their properties, Arrhenius theory, and pH scale. Then, Q2 was given to all students 
in order to evaluate if all groups remain “equal” in terms of declarative knowledge of these concepts (see Fig. 8).

In the second phase of the teaching intervention (TI2), the three different versions of the WS2 were used by the AR,

VL, and C groups, respectively. The TI2 concerned changes in pH when mixing solutions or separating a solution in two 
parts, dilution and neutralization of solutions. In the AR group experiments by demonstration through the IB were 
performed using the Arduino. In the VL group only experiments using the VLs of the DA were performed through the IB. In 
C group no experiments were performed and only graphics of instruments and substances were presented through the IB. 
Finally, Q1 (Q1post) was redistributed to all students as post-test in order to evaluate declarative knowledge 
acquisition due to the overall teaching intervention implemented in the research (Fig. 8).

The duration of each assessment was one teaching hour (45 min). The duration of the TI1 was four teaching hours and of 
TI2 was 3 h. As Chemistry is taught only one teaching hour per week in Greek junior high schools, all the research 
procedures lasted for 10 weeks.

Questionnaire Evaluation

Q1 and Q2 were evaluated by calculating Cronbach’s alpha (a) and discrimination (DS)-difficulty (DF) analysis, by using 
students’ answers after each TI implemented in the main experimental procedure (Table 2). In both questionnaires, DSs 
and DFs and Cronbach’s alpha values can be regarded as acceptable (Ding & Beichner, 2009; Considine, 2005; Escudero et 
al., 2000).

Groups’ Achievement Comparison

Shapiro-Wilk normality tests on the groups’ achievement on Q1 and Q2 were conducted for every assessment stage (Table 
3). It was concluded that groups’ scores did not follow a normal distribution in most cases.

Therefore, non-parametric statistical tests were applied for group comparisons (Table 4). Kruskal-Wallis test is 
applied since it is a non-parametric test used to investigate statistical differences where there are more than two 
independent groups to compare (Roni et al., 2020; MacFarland & Yates, 2016). In our study, this test was used to 
evaluate if there are statistically significant differences for comparisons between the three groups. In cases that 
Kruskal-Wallis test showed a significant difference, pair-wise comparisons with Bonferroni correction (adj sig) and 
Mann-Whitney test were conducted as post-hoc analysis to determine which group(s) differ (Roni et al., 2020). Moreover, 
in order to evaluate if there are significant differences before and after teaching intervention, Wilcoxon signed ranks

tests were applied for every group (Grzegorzewski & Śpiewak, 2019). Effect size (r = Z/N1/2) was calculated for which a 
significant difference was revealed (Tomczak & Tomczak 2014; Fritz et al., 2011).

The six classes and the three groups (AR, VL, and C) had no significant differences in test scores among them before as 
well as after the common TI. After the sequence of different TIs, all three groups exhibit significantly higher scores 
than before with large effect sizes, indicating that all intervention variants had positive effects on learning. 
Nevertheless, although AR and VL groups exhibited no significant differences to each other, they exhibited 
significantly higher scores than C group with medium effect sizes.

Conclusions

In this study, the effects of conducting Arduino experiments in a mixed virtual-physical learning environment on 
declarative knowledge acquisition were examined as the Greek curriculum and common teaching practices are focused on 
this type of knowledge. According to the results, the use of Arduino experiments by the demonstration on the IB instead 
of VLs through the IB had the same positive effect on students’ achievement. Furthermore, both experimentation 
approaches result in greater learning gains regarding this type of knowledge than the absence of experimentation. 
Students of C group who did not observe any manipulation had learning gains that can be attributed only to the 
appropriate activities accompanied by static

visualizations, which were lower than those attained by the other two groups.

Therefore, it can be concluded that learning was equally promoted by these different experimental practices. 
Declarative knowledge acquisition requires the activation of the learner’s cognitive resources for the recollection of 
facts and events, which allows for comparing and contrasting remembered material (Kump et al., 2015). Understanding and 
memorizing the learning content is crucial in learning declarative knowledge, while exercising an operating process is 
very important in learning procedural knowledge (Hong et al., 2018). The presentation (Hong et al., 2018) of meaningful 
activities (Glasson, 1989) may foster declarative knowledge acquisition.

Activities incorporating virtual or physical or blended representations promote learning through different mechanisms 
that are either additive or interfere one another (Rau, 2020). Given that in this study only RLs or VLs through 
demonstration were implemented, students did not interact with physical or virtual representations. Consequently, there 
were no haptic cues since hands-on activities through touch sensory channel were absent nor a possible raise in 
interest through physical engagement appeared (Zacharia et al., 2019). Learning in activities by demonstration can only 
be attributed in mechanisms promoted by different conceptual salient characteristics of real and virtual 
representations (Rau, 2020; Olympiou & Zacharia, 2012), in cognitive load management of virtual representations (van 
Merriënboer & Sweller, 2005; Zacharia & Olympiou, 2011;Vogel-Walcutt et al., 2011; Korakakis et al., 2009; Mayer & 
Moreno, 2002) and embodied schema evolvement through neural mirroring mechanisms (Rau, 2020; Duijzer et al., 2019; 
Gallese, 2009; Ebisch et al., 2008). Nevertheless, further research is necessary in order

to determine how these learning mechanisms are promoted by experiments through demonstration.

Several classrooms in Greece have been equipped with IBs, and many secondary education teachers have been trained for 
its use. At the same time, a great variety of digital educational objects including VLs are available in various 
repositories, to be used as a substitute or alongside hands on experiments with physical instruments. VLs provide 
opportunities when physical laboratories are not available or practical (Davenport 2018). Arduino experiments may 
bridge the gap of virtual vs. physical instrumentation as being a tool to conduct experiments with physical instruments 
and substances in a mixed virtual-physical learning environment.

Implications

In everyday praxis, we often need demonstration measuring devices (thermometers, pH meters, etc.), with large enough 
displays to be easily readable from every point in the classroom (Kubínová & Šlégr, 2015). The findings of this study 
imply that virtual experimentation and Arduino experiments through a demonstration using IBs, in a mixed 
virtual-physical environment provide learning gains greater than those achieved by using static visualizations. As 
implementing Arduino experiments or VLs result in significant learning gains, they could be proposed for enhancing 
students’ declarative knowledge in the context of acids and bases in secondary education. Nevertheless, learning 
through hands-on activities experiments is also promoted by mechanisms explained by physical engagement and haptic 
cues, which are not present in demonstrations.

Given the differing affordances of physical and virtual manipulatives, combining their use is the only way to reap and 
use the benefits (advantageous affordances) that

both carry (Olympiou & Zacharia, 2012) in order to offer advantages that neither one can fully achieve by itself (De 
Jong et al., 2013). Therefore, designers of digital educational environments should provide educators and students the 
means to implement appropriate sequences of VLs and RLs in a mixed virtual-physical environment and Arduino looks 
appropriate to facilitate this procedure either with a demonstration as in this study or in hands-on form.

However, as there is no consensus or generally accepted rules regarding best practices in the sequence of virtual lab 
and physical lab components (Brinson, 2015; Zacharia et al., 2019), it is important to provide to the educators and 
students opportunities to draw and follow their own learning path based on the unique affordances of each mode of 
experimentation (Olympiou & Zacharia, 2012). Activities incorporated in teaching practices should be chosen 
appropriately, taking into account the subject to be taught as well as the available infrastructure involving a variety 
of combinations of virtual and physical experiments (Brinson, 2017). A mixed virtual-physical learning environment has 
to facilitate the alternative learning paths, and it is appropriate for educational systems, where various barriers 
(e.g. limited infrastructure) confront with hands-on experimentation in real lab (Davenport, 2018; Tatli & Ayas, 2013; 
Tountoulidis, 2011). Arduino instrumentation is appropriate for this purpose since it can transmit data from sensors to 
a PC by using inexpensive infrastructure (Grinias et al., 2016) and therefore bridge the gap between virtual learning 
environment and real instruments. In such an environment, a teacher may substitute activities that integrate virtual 
objects with activities that incorporate physical counterparts through the use of Arduino sensors and vice versa. It 
should be noted that virtual representations can also be used in cases where school lessons have to be substituted by 
online learning and hands-on activities by experiments through demonstration as happened in Greece due to the Covid-19 
pandemic in 2020. A mixed virtual-physical environment may prove useful, but research is needed to evaluate the 
learning effects in these cases.

Limitations and Future Research

This study’s results should be interpreted taking into account some limitations. First, only declarative knowledge 
acquisition and experiments through demonstration were considered in this study as these are the main characteristics 
in the context of common Greek secondary education practices. Learning mechanisms involved in Arduino experiments or 
VLs by demonstration are different than mechanisms involved in hands-on experiments. Therefore, this study can be 
considered only applicable to situations where only demonstrations and no other processes like

hands-on experiments take place. A future research could be designed in such a way in order to clarify which were the 
characteristics of the physical or virtual representations that were beneficial or detrimental for learning.

In addition, using the same test as pre-test and posttest could have compromised internal validity. However, the time 
that elapsed between the pre-test and posttest questionnaire minimized the students’ opportunity to memorize the 
questions. Finally, due to practical circumstances, a quasi-experimental setup was used. The school classes used in 
this study did not differ on scores on the pre-tests, but random assignment of students to the different experimental 
conditions would have minimized possible class-related effects.

Compliance with Ethical Standards

Conflict of Interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.

Ethical Approval All procedures performed in studies involving human participants were in accordance with the ethical 
standards of the institutional and national research committee and with the 1964 Helsinki declaration and its later 
amendments or comparable ethical standards.

Informed Consent Informed consent was obtained from all individual participants included in the study.

References

Abu-Zaid, A., & Khan, T. A. (2013). Assessing declarative and procedural knowledge using multiple-choice questions. 
Medical Education Online. https://doi.org/10.3402/meo.v18i0.21132.

Ackerman, T. A., & Smith, P. L. (1988). A comparison of the information provided by essay, multiple-choice, and 
free-response writing tests. Applied Psychological Measurement. https://doi. org/10.1177/014662168801200202.

Alò, D., Castillo, A., Marín Vial, P., & Samaniego, H. (2020).

Low-cost emerging technologies as a tool to support informal environmental education in children from vulnerable public 
schools of southern Chile. International journal of science education. https://doi.org/10.1080/09500693.2020.1723036. 
Anderson, J. R. (1983). The architecture of cognition. Cambridge, MA:



