Title: Minor endplate damage as an initiator of systemic biomechanical disruption of the lumbar disc: a finite element analysis of the 'mechanical tipping point' in disc failure.
Title: Evaluation of the Stress Levels of Different Implant Treatment Options in Extremely Atrophic Maxillae by Finite Element Analysis Method.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Implant Size and Osseointegration Using Three-dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Uncertainty Quantification of Finite Element Strain Predictions for a Nitinol Medical Device: Influence of Input Parameter Probability Distribution on Output Uncertainty.
Title: Femur Fracture Risk Assessment in Patients with Lytic Metastases Using CT-Based Finite Element Models and Bone Crack Simulations Technique.
Title: Finite Element Analysis on the Effect of Activation Time on Cervical Spine Biomechanical Response During Pilot Ejection.
Title: Dens Invaginatus as a Biomechanical Risk Modifier in Dental Trauma: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Tissue-Level Neck Response in Rotary-Wing Aircrew With Head-Supported Mass Assessed With Finite Element Model.
Title: Design and Optimisation of Linear Variable Differential Transformers and Voice Coil Actuators Using Finite Element Analysis: A Methodical Approach to Enhance Sensor Response and Actuation Force.
Title: The Influence of Polymer Fibers on the Properties of Foam Concrete with a Complex Nanomodifying Additive: Finite Element Analysis and Experimental Study.
Title: Experimental and Finite Element Investigation of Bolted Connections in GFRP Composite Cross-Arms for Energy Distribution Towers.
Title: Effects of Attachment Placement on Palatal Root Torque Control of Maxillary Incisors with Clear Aligners: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Study on the Noise Reduction Characteristics of Porous Elastic Road Surface Based on Finite Element Analysis and Noise Field Tests.
Title: Effect of Knee Joint Meniscus Tears on Joint Cartilage Contact and Pressure with Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Patient-Specific Finite Element Analysis of Tibialis Anterior Tendon Insertion Variability and Its Impact on First Ray Biomechanics.
Title: Evaluation of a Novel Flexible Cage System for C5-C6 Fixation: A Finite Element Study Against Conventional ACDF Implants.
Title: Fast Hessian-free finite element ray tracing method for light transport in gradient-index media.
Title: A workflow for the creation of specimen-specific finite element models based on open-source software - a feasibility study.
Title: Investigation of acute and chronic injury mechanisms of the deltoid ligament: insights from finite element analysis and animal study.
Title: Value of CT in quantitatively diagnosing and assessing collapse in patients with femoral head necrosis based on finite element mechanics analysis.
Title: Biomechanical study using the finite element analysis of a new method for fixation of coronal fracture of the femoral condyle.
Title: Stress distribution of an anteriorly placed single implant in different clinical scenarios: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical efficacy of a medial buttress plate in the management of concomitant ipsilateral subcapital and intertrochanteric femoral fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Different screw configurations for treating Sanders type IIB intra-articular calcaneal fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress distribution after folded and single-layer fibular reconstruction with implant restoration for brown class Ⅱ mandibular defects.
Title: Pressure-based finite element analysis of setup distance in clear aligner canine retraction comparing bodily and tipping movements.
Title: Cartilage-on-cartilage contact exhibits isotropic wear independent of fiber orientation: Experiments and biphasic finite element prediction.
Title: Effect of axial Bruxism bite force on titanium alloys biomaterials experimental chewing test and 3D finite element simulation.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of skeletal open bite treatment methods: a comparative finite element study.
Title: Mastering molar mesialization: the role of attachment designs and tipping compensation in clear aligner therapy-a finite element analysis.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the protective performance of two types of mouthguards].
Title: Effects of bone deformation on patient-specific finite element predictions of hip chondrolabral mechanics.
Title: Analysis of twist-rate effects in a progressive-rifling barrel using finite element method.
Title: The impact of early graft viscoelastic degeneration on tibiofemoral joint stress after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of internal fixation with clavicular hook plate vs. adjustable loop plate for Neer Type IIB distal clavicle fractures.
Title: [Analysis of the Injury Mechanism of Traumatic Craniocerebral Injury from Falls Based on Finite Element Simulation].
Title: Combined use of clear aligners and mini-screws for intrusion of the maxillary first and second molars before prosthetic restoration: a finite element analysis.
Title: NOEM: efficient and scalable finite element method enabled by reusable neural operators.
Title: Effect of Intracapsular Pressure on Pulp Sensitivity in Teeth Affected by Jaw Cysts: A Clinical Study Combined With Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Decreased Radial Inclination Without Dorsal Angulation Attenuates the Biomechanical Effects of Ulnar Abutment Syndrome: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Von Mises stress analyses using finite element model in two patients with chronic low back pain.
Title: Boundary Conditions Affecting Finite Element Analyses of a Spinal Segment.
Title: Comparison of three different internal fixation modalities for unilateral mandibular body fractures: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Geometrically simplified 3D finite element modeling of a smooth dental implant: materials influence across different bone types.
Title: Application of randomized quadrature formulas to the finite element method for elliptic equations.
Title: [Research progress on three-dimensional finite element analysis for fixed implant restoration of edentulous jaw].
Title: Biomechanical effect of implant thickness and screw diameter on CFR-PEEK subperiosteal implants: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: An investigation into rail corrugation evaluation based on fractal theory and explicit finite element method.
Title: Optimizing Maxillary Anterior Teeth Intrusion in Clear Aligner Therapy: A Finite Element Analysis of Attachment Efficacy.
Title: Inclusion of pelvic ligamentous boundary conditions using 3D continuum volume bodies in finite element modeling of the pelvis.
Title: Biomechanical study of robot-navigated targeted cross-puncture percutaneous vertebroplasty for Kümmell's disease: finite element analysis.
Title: Stress evaluation in one-piece and bone- or tissue-level two-piece zirconia dental implants with ceramic or titanium abutment screws: a finite element analysis.
Title: A finite element analysis of the biomechanical stability of tri-cortical versus traditional pedicle screw fixation in adult thoracic spine.
Title: Critical regions in the human mandible during mastication and trauma: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element framework for investigating the mechanical response of podiatric insole: A pilot study.
Title: Osseointegration dynamics of mandibular patient-specific implants: A mechanoregulation-based finite element study.
Title: Finite element modeling of lag screw with plate fracture fixation: Effects of screw angle, countersinking, and plate configuration.
Title: Finite Element and Computational Fluid Dynamics Analysis of a Biodegradable Implant for Large Femoral Bone Defects.
Title: Patient specific optimization and planning of vertebral augmentation in osteoporosis: Finite element and Artificial Intelligence approaches.
Title: Effect of implant number, attachment type, and framework material on stress distribution in mandibular overdentures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of four different fixation methods for the treatment of ipsilateral femoral neck and shaft fractures.
Title: Double-row wired anchors combined with "8" cross tension bands: an innovative procedure for the treatment of inferior pole fractures of the patella and its finite element and biomechanical evaluation.
Title: Development of a knee joint magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-based model for finite element analysis (FEA) applications.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of four internal fixation approaches for Pauwels type Ⅲ femoral neck fractures using finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of the Three-Dimensional Residual Stress Field Using a Patient-Specific Aortic Model.
Title: Stress distribution of different attachment systems in mandibular implant overdentures: A 3D finite element study.
Title: Labiolingual Loading Biomechanics on Central Incisor Under Different Periodontal Conditions: A Finite Element Study.
Title: The finite element neural network method to simulate two dimensional partial differential equations and perform parameter identification.
Title: Development and validation of simplified head and thorax finite element models for ballistic impact assessment of non-lethal projectiles.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of frame configuration screw fixation and conventional plate fixation for Sanders type iii fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of oblique lateral interbody fusion with interspinous versus other fixation techniques: A finite element study.
Title: A finite element computational framework coupling four-chamber heart mechanics with the systemic and pulmonary circulations.
Title: Experimental Validation of Finite Element Models for Directional DBS: The Critical Role of Boundary Conditions on VTA Accuracy.
Title: Mechanobiological design strategy for additively manufacturable tibial ankle implant for enhanced biomechanical and osseointegration performance: A finite element and machine learning approach.
Title: Compression and bending performance of novel 3D printed mixed-star negative Poisson's ratio metamaterials using CCD-based optimization and finite element analysis.
Title: Editorial letter regarding the letter by McLean AL concerning "Biomechanical analysis of odontoid and transverse atlantal ligament in humans with ponticulus posticus variation under different loading conditions: A finite element study".
Title: Contralateral disc loading in unilateral temporomandibular joint disc displacement without reduction: A finite element analysis.
Title: Sensitivity of finite element models to relationship between 
Title: Finite element analysis-based optimization of longitudinal bending stiffness and rearfoot stability in carbon-plated running shoes.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of composite bone plates for tibial oblique fracture repair using finite element analysis.
Title: [Impact of lamina formation range on lumbar biomechanics in unilateral biportal endoscopic spine surgery: a finite element analysis for surgical optimization].
Title: [Short-term effectiveness study and finite element analysis of high tibial osteotomy for knee varus with medial meniscus posterior root tear in middle aged and older populations].
Title: A Robust Finite Element Method for Linearized Magnetohydrodynamics on General Domains.
Title: A Review of Finite Element Analysis in Spine Surgery Decision-Making.
Title: Orthodontically Induced External Root Resorption: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanics of the tooth cervical region investigated using 3D digital image correlation, micro CT, and finite element analysis.
Title: Performance of the DK and DKM shell elements in the standard, and the sequential, finite-element based limit analysis.
Title: The influence of passive spinal structures on spinal geometric compensation during flexion-extension: A finite element analysis.
Title: The Influence of Implant Number on Stress Distribution in the Anterior Region of Mandible Reconstructed with Fibula Bone Graft: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Correction to "Construction of the Adjusted Scoliosis 3D Finite Element Model and Biomechanical Analysis under Gravity".
Title: Biomechanical effects of a novel anatomic fusion cage for anterior cervical corpectomy: a finite element study.
Title: A 3D finite element model quantifying viscoelastic boundary condition and simulation of effects on ocular deformation and optical geometry.
Title: Influence of cell culture parameters on oxygen diffusion and cell distribution in 3D-porous scaffolds for bone tissue engineering: finite element modeling and experimental verification.
Title: Methodological exploration of stress-based finite element growth modeling for long-term brace treatment evaluation in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Title: Finite element analysis of laryngeal mask airway sealing under patient-specific anatomical constraints: an exploratory study.
Title: Finite element analysis of titanium cable tensioning ring fixation in the treatment of distal tibiofibular syndesmosis injury.
Title: An Innovative Roll-on Bracket Design to Reduce Friction in Sliding Mechanics: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A root-extended overlay design and finite element analysis for permanent molars with a 4-wall defect in adolescents.
Title: Assessing the reproducibility of a subject-specific finite element modelling pipeline for the human metastatic vertebrae.
Title: Comment on "The effect of osteochondral fragment loss on maximal tibiotalar articular stress in posterior malleolus fractures: A finite element study".
Title: Heterogeneous material mapping of micro-finite element models of human trabecular bone cores.
Title: Evaluating the impact of attachment designs on canine derotation in clear aligner therapy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Mesiobuccal root morphology influences biomechanical stability after endodontic microsurgery in maxillary first molars: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite-Element Comparison of a Proximal Femoral Laterally Bionic Intramedullary Nail (PFLBN) Versus PFNA and PFBN for AO/OTA 31-A3.1 Intertrochanteric Fractures.
Title: Comparison of the Mechanical Stability of Different Implant Types in the Atrophic Maxilla of Patients With Bruxism Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Can the Finite Element Method Be Applied to Patient-Specific Implant Evaluation?
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of a novel L-shaped side-locking plate combined with OLIF: a finite element analysis considering 3 different bone densities.
Title: Development and validation of a thoraco-lumbar-pelvic spine finite element model: a platform for spinal loading and posture simulation.
Title: [Finite element analysis of mechanical of acupotomy release on popliteus muscle for knee osteoarthritis].
Title: Biomechanical Stability of Tibia Plateau Fracture Treatment: Conventional vs. Finite Element-Based Preoperative Planning.
Title: Tooth rotational control with varying attachment configurations in clear aligners under compromised periodontal ligament support: a finite element study.
Title: A finite element-based biomechanical analysis of fixation systems used in advancement genioplasty.
Title: Comparative effects of temporary anchorage devices combined with various auxiliary attachments on maxillary molar mesialization with clear aligners: a finite element analysis.
Title: The necessity of cement augmentation in metastatic femur stabilization explored by finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element optimization of a magnetic anchor traction system for colonic ESD.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the cantilever fixed bridge restoration for mandibular central incisors supported by narrow-diameter implants].
Title: Are continuous locking headless bone screws with locking plate fixation effective for bridging fracture gaps in far cortical locking constructs? An in vitro biomechanical and finite element study under simplified axial loading.
Title: The effect of different thickness of power ridge on torque control during anterior retraction using clear aligners in patients with periodontal disease: a finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of bone stress relaxation and abrasion on micromotions in uncemented femoral knee implants: a finite element study.
Title: Sensitivity analysis of a patient-specific finite element simulation pipeline incorporating automated vertebral segmentation for predicting vertebral strength of a clinical database.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Stresses and Strains of the Healthy Aortic Valve and Its Congenital Variants Throughout the Cardiac Cycle: A Finite Element Approach.
Title: Effects of thickness and Young's modulus of lateral ankle ligaments on ankle joint stability: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element modeling of human thorax for electrical bioimpedance based monitoring of pulmonary fluid accumulation.
Title: Sacroiliac Joint Stress Is Affected by Postural Change or Cam Resection in Femoroacetabular Impingement Syndromes: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Medial plating versus newly designed intramedullary nail with distal interlocking system for distal tibia fractures: A biomechanical study with finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of interradicular and infrazygomatic miniscrew anchorage during two-step and en-masse retraction: A finite element study.
Title: Does the distal screw location in the Biplane double-supported screw fixation technique affect the risk of subtrochanteric fractures after femoral neck fixation? A finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of Electrode-Tissue Contact Area on Parameter Sensitivity in Electrosurgical Monopolar Soft Coagulation: A Multiphysics Finite Element Study.
Title: A Real-Time Mechanical Information Acquisition System and Finite Element Prediction Method for Limb Lengthening: A Pilot In Vivo Study.
Title: Should We Worry About the Inter-Implant Gap in the Tibia? A Finite Element Analysis of Revision TKA and Distal Plating.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Peri-Implant Stress in Maxillary All-on-Four Rehabilitation: Effects of Posterior Implant Angulation and Loading Protocol.
Title: Integrating Finite Element Simulation with Actual GTAW Weld Profiles to Optimize Root Height in Stainless Steel 316L Pipe Joints.
Title: Thermal Deformation in Non-Planar Large-Scale Additive Manufacturing of ABS: Experimental and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Inhomogeneous Fluid Motion Induced by Standing Surface Acoustic Wave (SAW): A Finite Element Study.
Title: Integrated Workflow Finite Element Modeling of the Temporomandibular Joint: Toward a Methodical and Reproducible Approach.
Title: Finite Element Analysis for the Load-Bearing Femur and Tibia in the Human Knee Using an in vivo HR-pQCT Protocol.
Title: The Influence of Passively Modeled Paraspinal Soft Tissues on Spinal Geometric Compensation: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Mechanostat-Informed Strain Mapping of Osseodensification-Inspired Peri-Implant Densification Versus Conventional Drilling in Osteoporotic-like Low-Density Cancellous Bone: A 3D Static Linear Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of CAD/CAM Inlay Restorations Through Experimental Flexural Strength Testing and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The Effect of Biomechanical Loading Parameters on the Stress and Strain Behavior of Orthodontic Mini-Implants: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Three-Dimensional Displacement Patterns in Maxillary Molar Distalization: A Comparative Finite Element Study.
Title: Biomechanical Applications of Finite Element Analysis in Orthodontics: A Scoping Review of Force Distribution, Tooth Movement, and Mechanical Performance.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of zygomatic and pterygoid implants for the rehabilitation of severely atrophic maxilla.
Title: [
Title: Patient Specific Finite Element Modelling Outputs Outperform Clinical Metrics in Predicting Fusion Cage Subsidence.
Title: Mapping fusion zones to motion resistance: Finite element insights into return-to-activity after interbody fusion.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of endocrowns with different axial wall heights: a finite-element study.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of four different internal fixation constructs applied to stabilise Letenneur type I Hoffa fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Integrating traction force microscopy and finite element analysis to assess hiPSC-CM mechanics on micropatterned substrates.
Title: Biomechanical properties of a new 3D-printed customized anatomical total wrist prosthesis : a quasi-dynamic finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis and photoelasticity in dental biomechanics: history, applications, comparative insights and future directions for improvement of FEA.
Title: Biomechanical Impact of Footprint Mismatch and Implant Positioning in Cervical Disk Replacement: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element study of the role of medial longitudinal arch in hallux valgus deformity.
Title: A hybrid implicit-explicit finite element framework for real-time bioheat transfer simulation in deformable biological tissue.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of load-bearing performance and primary stability in a novel transhumeral osseointegrated prosthesis: a finite element analysis.
Title: The Effect Of Localized Circumferential Residual Stress On Pressurized Stress State Of CT Reconstructed Vessels: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Sacroiliac fixation in pediatric patients: stability analysis by the finite element method.
Title: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution in Cement-Retained and Screw-Retained Implant-Supported Restorations in Mandible Using Porcelain-Fused-to-Metal and Zirconia Crowns.
Title: Development and biomechanical validation of a whole spine-thorax finite element model for quantitative biomechanical analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of acromioclavicular joint stress in the treatment of Neer II distal clavicular fracture.
Title: Effect of 6-Month High-Impact and Resistance Exercise on Regional Strength and BMD of Spine: A Clinical Trial Combined with a Finite-Element Study.
Title: Machine learning-augmented finite element modeling for transient hemodynamics in human arteries.
Title: Finite element analysis of sacral fixation strategies for fragility fractures of the pelvis.
Title: Synchrotron tomography-based inversion pipeline for estimating elastic properties for rat vertebral endplate finite element models.
Title: Effects of attachment designs on clear aligner tooth movement: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite-element optimization of clavicular tunnel positioning improves short-term outcomes of single-button AC joint stabilization.
Title: Correction: A collaborative approach of finite element method and machine learning algorithms for biomechanical analysis of implants used in tibial shaft fractures.
Title: Stress distribution of inlay, onlay, and overlay restorations across materials: A finite element study.
Title: Finite element and 
Title: Physics-informed finite element multi-scale modeling of light propagation using numerical approximation of slowly varying envelope.
Title: Comparison of stress shielding between endobutton and screw fixation in the latarjet procedure using three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Axonal tract-integrated finite element brain model for predicting mild traumatic brain injury based on axonal strain.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the effects of different distal-end aligner designs on maxillary premolar distalization.
Title: A method for simulating the growth of cells on a general surface using the finite element method.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of X-ray permeable CF/PEEK composite versus conventional titanium alloy for tibial external fixation plates: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis in Polymer-Based Adhesive Dental Restorations: A Narrative Review on Material Behavior, Methodological Validity, and Clinical Relevance.
Title: Study on Pitting Corrosion Simulation of Steel Plates Based on Cellular Automaton-Finite Element Coupling.
Title: Quantifying Stress Shielding in Dental Implants: A Comparative Finite Element Study of Titanium, CFR-PEEK, and Ceramic Materials.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress distributions in knee ligaments and menisci during the Taekwondo Roundhouse Kick.
Title: Development of a Patient-Specific Finite Element Analysis for Uncemented Total Hip Arthroplasty: A Step Towards Objective Surgical Planning.
Title: Do different orthodontic archwires alter the biomechanical effects of open coil springs on dentoalveolar structures? A finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of Overcorrection on Mitigating Uncontrolled Tipping During Incisor Retraction Using Clear Aligners: Finite Element Analysis and in vitro Experiment.
Title: Gradient mechanical environments modulate intra-osteonal fluid flow: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Machine Learning Prediction of Vaginal Tissue Tears Using Finite Element Simulations Informed by Planar Biaxial Testing.
Title: Femoral finite element analysis of a novel cementless revision total knee arthroplasty system.
Title: Using finite element analysis to obtain the pressure gradient between the left renal vein and the inferior vena cava: a new method for the diagnosis and follow-up of patients with nutcracker syndrome.
Title: Finite element biomechanics of novel intramedullary nails with varying diameters for intertrochanteric femoral fractures with lateral wall injury.
Title: Impact of different paraspinal muscle mass on the prognosis of ACDF-a finite element analysis.
Title: [Coupled finite element analysis of the hip joint and spine in normal individuals and patients with developmental dysplasia of the hip].
Title: [Finite element analysis of a novel self-locking oblique lumbar interbody fusion system applied to lumbar osteoporosis].
Title: Effects of attachment design and location on derotation of mandibular second premolars : A finite element analysis.
Title: Can the Stand-Alone Cervical Interfacet Fusion Achieve Spinal Stability? A Comprehensive Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical response of human skull to impact by three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: A finite element study of soft-tissue deformation during birth in australopithecines: Assessing pelvic floor stress and fetal head rotation in early hominins.
Title: Investigation of finite element simulation-based bond-slip effect for seismically vulnerable school reinforced concrete building frame.
Title: Finite element analysis of the pedicle screw in lumbar transpedicular dynamic stabilization that penetrates the lateral cortex of the vertebral pedicle.
Title: Science-in-brief: Finite element modelling and mechanical testing techniques in musculoskeletal applications.
Title: Clinical outcomes and mechanical evaluation of patient-specific mandibular reconstruction following tumor resection: a retrospective study with finite element analysis.
Title: A novel anterior occipitocervical fixation instrument improves stability and minimizes bone-implant stress: a comparative finite element analysis.
Title: Prediction of Massage Force and Intra-abdominal Wall Deformation During Massage by a Digital Twin Model Based on an Abdominal Finite Element Model.
Title: Finite element modeling of inter-individual variation in soft tissue mechanical response to localized pressure.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Mechanical Stress Distribution in Titanium and PEEK Rod Constructs for Isthmic L5-S1 Spondylolisthesis.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress in removable lower complete denture under vertical and oblique occlusal forces.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of different fixation methods for tibiofibular syndesmosis injuries: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Biomechanical effects of selective tarsometatarsal arthrodesis configurations: A finite element analysis.
Title: In silico analysis of stress distribution in ultra-translucent multilayered zirconia veneers of varying thickness and yttria content using Finite Element Analysis (FEA).
Title: Behavior of mandibular fractures under earth and microgravity conditions: a finite element analysis.
Title: A Computational Framework for Simulating Patient-Specific TMJ Biomechanics Using a Combined Multibody Dynamics and Finite Element Approach.
Title: Influence of thickness and base material in class II restorations with nanofilled composites: finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical Comparisons of Two Types of Tuina in Treating Lumbar Disc Herniation: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Extracellular stimulation and ephaptic coupling of neurons in a fully coupled finite element-based Extracellular-Membrane-Intracellular (EMI) model.
Title: [Finite element analysis of short root teeth under three different moving modes].
Title: A patient-specific PEEK fixation system for simultaneous maxillary advancement and midfacial contour restoration in Le Fort I osteotomy: A finite element analysis.
Title: Preferential sacral fracture sites in fragility fractures of the pelvis type IVb and comparison of internal fixation methods: CT-based morphological mapping and finite element analysis.
Title: Dynamic breast response under different running intensities: a pilot finite element study across representative breast types.
Title: A finite element study on three maxillary protraction devices for treating maxillary sagittal hypoplasia at different levels of bone fusion.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of the Scaphoid Shift Maneuver: Implications for Scapholunate Ligament injuries.
Title: The influence of dental cavity on biomechanical stress and strain distribution: A finite element analysis.
Title: The power of finite element analysis in dental research.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Anterior Odontoid Screw Fixation for Type II Odontoid Fractures.
Title: Influence of Plate Design, Thickness, and Fixation Architecture on Mandibular Advancement Stability: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Three Fixation Constructs for Tile Type C1.2 Pelvic Ring Fractures: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Parametric Finite Element Evaluation of Load Redistribution Under Progressive Lumbar Disc Degeneration.
Title: A Parametric Finite Element Analysis of Chick Embryo Aortic Valve Leaflet Biomechanics.
Title: The Role of the Individual Bundles of the Deltoid Ligament in Multidirectional Stability and Articular Contact Pressure of the Ankle Joint: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Development, validation, and biomechanical evaluation of a high-fidelity finite element model of the forearm musculoskeletal system​.
Title: The effect of residual root length and different root canal filling materials on biomechanical stress distribution following apical resection: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite element analysis of a constructional column on the out-of-plane performance of the damaged steel frame-infilled wall.
Title: Finite element validation and short-term clinical outcomes of robot-assisted percutaneous microwave ablation plus cement augmentation and sacroiliac screw fixation for upper sacral (S1-S2) metastases.
Title: Comparative Finite Element Evaluation of Polymeric and Metallic Bioresorbable Sinus Stents Under Quasi-Static Radial Compression.
Title: Medial Malleolar Fracture Fixation with Stainless Steel, Titanium, Magnesium, and PLGA Screws: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Implementation of Delta-P1 Model for Simulation of Photothermal Cancer Therapy in Heterogeneous Tissues.
Title: Impact of Taper Design on Cleaning Efficacy, Stress Generation, and Irrigant Performance: A Combined Experimental, Finite Element Analysis, and Computational Fluid Dynamics Assessment.
Title: Influence of Prosthetic Material Properties and Implant Number on Stress Distribution in Implant-Bone Systems Under Bruxism Loading: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Influence of Grading and Layer Thickness on Stress Distribution in Dental Ceramics: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Integration of surface tension and tissue pre-strain in alveolar cluster finite element model to predict lung parenchyma response and inform continuum lung modeling.
Title: Corrigendum to "Pathomechanics of glenohumeral capsule and scapula in idiopathic frozen shoulder: a study using a three-dimensional finite element model" [JSES: International Volume 9, Issue 5 (2025) 1474-1480].
Title: A new approach for assessment of clubfoot treatment using non-radiological scanner coupling finite element.
Title: Exploring the Causes of Suture Needle Loss Through Simulation and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effects of maxillary incisor intrusion with clear aligners under ideal retention: A finite element study using local coordinate systems.
Title: Effect of pedicle-screw fixation on cervical spine: A comparative finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of femoral component positioning in medial UKA: A focus on varied bone quality.
Title: Fracture prediction using 3D-DXA-finite element based femoral strength: a prospective study in postmenopausal women.
Title: Evaluation on locking plate fixation with and without oblique screw in thumb carpometacarpal joint arthrodesis with finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of attachment position and pressure ridge design on maxillary arch expansion with clear aligners: a finite element analysis.
Title: Spectral finite-element formulation of the optimized effective potential method for atomic structure in the random phase approximation.
Title: Finite element biomechanical comparison of bone-driven and occlusion-driven fibular flap positioning in lateral segmental mandibular reconstruction.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Low-Profile Reconstruction Plates for Atrophic Mandibles-Part II: A Comparison of Customized Plates with 3D Grid-Type and Conventional Designs.
Title: Micro-CT assisted finite element analysis and functionalization of dental implants with piezoelectric coatings for improved bio-mechanical and anti-bacterial performance.
Title: ​​Intramedullary versus crossed pinning for paediatric distal radius fractures: clinical decision patterns and biomechanical validation integrating real-world practice with growth plate stress finite element analysis.
Title: Mechanical behavior of tooth-class II restoration complex with various restorative materials using linear and non-linear finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of early pelvic Fracture risk after rotational acetabular osteotomy: Finite element analysis of pelvic stress distribution.
Title: Biomechanical study on the treatment of tibial defects in total knee arthroplasty using the cement-screw and metal block with extension stem techniques: a finite element analysis.
Title: Mosaic-based waveguide lenses designed by the adjoint method based on the finite-element scheme.
Title: Hybrid Finite Element Model for Predicting the Interface Pressure of Medical Compression Stockings.
Title: Effect of varying anchorage force intensity on upper molar distalization using clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: Multilevel correction adaptive finite element method for Hartree-Fock equation.
Title: Mechanobiological evaluation of solid and multiple porous humeral stem architectures in reverse shoulder arthroplasty based on design and materials: a finite element study.
Title: Vertebral-level discrimination of incidental vertebral fractures using volumetric BMD, texture features, and finite element-derived fracture load: an exploratory study.
Title: Assessment of Stress Distribution and Displacement in the Craniofacial Complex between Facemask Therapy and Bone Anchored Maxillary Protraction (BAMP): A 3D Finite Element Study.
Title: Framework material and design influence on biomechanical behavior of removable partial dentures: A finite element comparison of polyetheretherketone and cobalt-chromium.
Title: Finite element analysis of the influence of femoral neck system implantation angle on biomechanical stability in femoral neck fractures: a mechanistic exploration.
Title: Optimizing plate working length and screw configuration for femoral shaft plate fixation: a finite element analysis under different bone quality scenarios.
Title: Finite element analysis of the impact of running foot strike pattern on patellar cartilage stress.
Title: Parameter optimization and finite element simulation analysis of skin graft harvesting using an electric dermatome.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Von Mises Stress in External Fixators for Open Tibial Fractures: A Comparative Study of ASTM F1541-02 and Tibia-Based Models in Indonesian Patients.
Title: Finite element analysis of the influence of fragment size on biomechanical outcomes of various fixation techniques for posterolateral tibial plateau fractures.
Title: Anand Model and Finite Element Analysis of Sn-0.3Ag-0.7Cu-3Bi Lead-Free Solder Joints in BGA Packages.
Title: Study on Mechanical Response and Structural Combination Design of Steel Bridge Deck Pavement Based on Multi-Scale Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Comparison of Stress Distribution in Fixed Partial Dentures With an Endocrown Abutment Made of Two Ceramic Materials and Different Residual Tooth Structures, Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: DXA-derived three-dimensional finite element models of the femur: validation against CT-based models.
Title: Finite element study on vibration behavior of the human head in an upright sitting posture under fore-aft whole-body vibration.
Title: A new anatomical locking plate for scapular neck fractures: a finite element analysis and retrospective clinical study.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis Comparison of Different Cervical Posterior Screw Fixation Techniques: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Exploring the Intricacies of Finite Element Modeling of 3D-Printed Scaffolds for Musculoskeletal Applications: An In-Depth Review.
Title: Effect of Crown to Titanium Base Ratio and Force Angle on the Biomechanical Behavior of Dental Implants With CAD/CAM Zirconia and Lithium Disilicate Crowns: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Experimental and Finite Element Analysis of a Residual Hair Keratin-based Hydrogel with Calcium for Atorvastatin Sequestration, Release, and In Vitro Activity.
Title: [Finite element analysis of different internal fixation methods in treatment of elderly osteoporotic DayⅠpelvic crescent fracture].
Title: [Finite element analysis of 3D metal-printed anterior guided anatomical plate system for atlantoaxial fixation via the transoral approach].
Title: [Finite element biomechanical analysis of coronal alignment correction in unicompartmental knee arthroplasty for severe varus deformity].
Title: Effect of Crown-to-Implant Ratio of Short Implants on Peri-Implant Stress: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: [Finite element analysis of skeletal injury mechanisms in adult standing positions with both feet landed on the ground].
Title: Finite element analysis of mandibular biomechanical stress under vertical loading in models with angular defects.
Title: Biomechanical Behavior of Endodontically Treated Abutment Teeth with Periapical Lesions: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A review of the use of finite element simulation and machine learning techniques in the morphological analysis of breast tissue.
Title: The effect of bone remodelling on bone ingrowth into a novel porous hip implant-a finite element study integrated with a mechanoregulatory algorithm.
Title: On the effects of locking and non-locking screws in the mandibular fracture treatment: a finite element analysis.
Title: A Clinically Compatible Method for Generating Preoperative Finite Element Models to Simulate Facial Appearance and Movements in Orthognathic Surgery.
Title: Effect of attachment wear on maxillary canine rotation in clear aligner therapy: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Statement of Retraction: Bipolar radiofrequency ablation with 2 × 2 electrodes as a building block for matrix radiofrequency ablation: 
Title: Effect of morphology on the biomechanics of contusion models of non-human primate spinal cord injury: a finite element study in a digital population.
Title: Comparative numerical finite element analysis of tooth-implant- versus implant-implant-supported three-unit fixed prostheses under oblique loading.
Title: Cytoplasmic flow induced by a rotating wire in living cells: magnetic rotational spectroscopy and finite element simulations.
Title: Mechanical effects of different cast immobilization positions in Colles' fracture: a finite element analysis investigation.
Title: Biomechanical properties of double-headed pedicle screws and parallel connectors in thoracolumbar extension revision fixation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Peridynamics-Based Finite Element Analysis of Sealing Failure at Casing-Cement Sheath Interfaces in Ultra-Deep Wells.
Title: Mechanical Effects of Implant Position on an Implant-Supported Removable Partial Denture Using Three-Dimensional Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of a novel hockey-stick locking plate featuring a pes anserinus-sparing design: a finite element analysis.
Title: Precision beyond perfection: Navigating prosthodontics with the finite element method.
Title: Finite element analysis of clear aligner with overhanging attachments and extended gingival coverage for interdental space closure.
Title: Finite element analysis of plate placement in canine elbow arthrodesis: comparison of caudal, medial, and lateral applications.
Title: AI-powered finite element analysis for predicting fracture patterns in endodontically treated teeth restored with posts.
Title: Finite element analysis of screw thread geometry and titanium plate materials in internal fixation of the human femur.
Title: Impact of four-rod instrumentation and interbody cages on pseudarthrosis and rod breakage in adult spinal deformity surgery with pelvic fixation and Schwab grade 2 osteotomies: a combined finite element model and clinical data analysis.
Title: Design and optimization of a butterfly-shaped grafting clip and cutting mechanism based on finite element simulation.
Title: Canine distal movement impact on teeth and aligner deformation in clear aligner treatment: A 3D finite element study.
Title: Predicted effects of hip distraction on knee ligament mechanics following total knee arthroplasty: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Dual Screw Configurations for Enhanced Stability in Scaphoid Fracture Fixation.
Title: Medial unicompartmental knee arthroplasty wear prediction using a total knee joint finite element model.
Title: Finite element analysis and in vitro simulation experiments on ophthalmic trocar needles.
Title: Statement of Retraction: Bipolar radiofrequency ablation with four electrodes: Ex vivo liver experiments and finite element method analysis. Influence of inter-electrode distance on coagulation size and geometry.
Title: Influence of Strain-Offset-Based Yield Definitions on the Accuracy of Finite Element Analysis of 3D-Printed PLA with Different Raster Orientations.
Title: Correction: Imai et al. Is Anterior Longitudinal Ligament Rupture During Posterior Corrective Surgery for Adult Spinal Deformity a Phenomenon Unique to When Combined with Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion? -Finite Element Analysis with Comparison to When Combined with Posterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion-. 
Title: Biomechanical Investigation of Head Injuries Caused by Baseball Bat Strikes with Different Bat Sizes and Velocities: A Finite Element Simulation Study.
Title: Multi-Scale Modeling in Forming Limits Analysis of SUS430/Al1050/TA1 Laminates: Integrating Crystal Plasticity Finite Element with M-K Theory.
Title: A Comparison of Two Surgical Treatment Methods for Atlantoaxial Instability in Dogs: Finite Element Analysis and a Canine Cadaver Study.
Title: Correction: Hoang, P.; Guccione, J. Finite Element Modeling in Left Ventricular Cardiac Biomechanics: From Computational Tool to Clinical Practice. 
Title: Polyethylene Stresses in Lumbar Total Joint Replacement Under Elevated Loading: Insights from an Anatomic Finite Element Model.
Title: Mechanobiological Regulation of Alveolar Bone Remodeling: A Finite Element Study and Molecular Pathway Interpretation.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of stress distribution of different implant-supported crown and abutment materials.
Title: Combining gait analysis and finite element modeling to optimize offloading insoles for calcaneal ulcers.
Title: Correction of the curve of spee using clear aligner therapy: A finite element analysis of three lower anterior intrusion protocols.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Platform Diameter and Screw Length in an Abutment-Free Tissue-Level Implant System Compared with a Ti-Base Configuration: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of tooth and implant-supported telescopic prosthesis using zirconia, PEKK, and cobalt chromium crowns.
Title: Fracture Resistance and Biomechanical Behavior of Retreated Teeth Obturated with Different Sealers: Combined Laboratory Testing and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Framework Materials in All-on-Four Versus All-on-Six Prostheses: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Publisher Correction to: Optimum design of a biodegradable implant for femoral shaft fracture fixation using finite element method.
Title: Evaluation of the porosity and structural stability of 3D-printed porous titanium pedicle screws using finite element analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis of Mandibular Anterior Intrusion Using Mini-Screws With Three Different Implant Insertion Angles.
Title: Effect of Rapid Maxillary Expansion on the Pterygoid Process and Spheno-Occipital Synchondrosis in Skulls With Class II and Class III Skeletal Relationships: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Biomechanics of medial meniscus tears in the context of pain: a finite element analysis.
Title: Queries regarding methodological and representational inconsistencies in the article titled "Optimizing mandibular second molar mesialization: A comparative analysis of stress distribution and displacement using tie-back and temporary skeletal anchorage device-assisted mechanisms with a nonlinear finite element model".
Title: Evaluation of Natural Breasts and Post-Augmentation Breasts with Silicone Implants Using Subject-Specific Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Establishing the tolerance range of joint line orientation angle: a finite element study.
Title: Effect of rear impact on the instrumented cervical spine: a finite element study.
Title: Multi-timescale finite element modeling of vocal fold edema progression due to phonotrauma.
Title: A comparative study of glide path instruments assessing flexibility and torsion by finite element method.
Title: Biomechanical effects of the prone stretching and adjusting cervical manipulation : a three-dimensional finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite element analysis, biomechanics, and clinical advantages of percutaneous medial column screw reinforced locking plate in the treatment of complex distal femoral fractures.
Title: Stress evaluation of different cad-on material combinations in crown design over conventional hand-layered zirconia - an in vitro 3d finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis in Cleft Lip Nasal Deformity: A Narrative Review from Biomechanical Insights to Clinical Translation.
Title: Comparative Finite Element Analysis of Stress Concentration in Class V Lower Premolar Cavities Differently Restored by Adhesive Dental Materials.
Title: A finite element study on the effect of initial head-neck posture on neck injury risk in frontal collisions.
Title: Assessing the temporomandibular joint effects of non-transport disc distraction osteogenesis in a canine model: an integrated finite element and CBCT study.
Title: The effect of different abutment anti-rotation structures on short implant placement in cases of insufficient bone volume in the posterior maxillary region: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Temperature sensitivity analysis and service performance evaluation of aqueduct arch ring beam structures based on finite element method.
Title: Investigating the Growth of GaSb Single Crystals through Optimized LEC Method Utilizing Finite Element Simulation and Machine Learning Techniques.
Title: Mechanistic analysis of fracture-controlled canola dehulling via finite element modeling.
Title: Finite element analysis of six distinct fixation devices for vertically oriented femoral neck fractures.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of the interlaminar dynamic stabilization system (IntraSPINE) in unilateral biportal endoscopic discectomy for huge lumbar disc herniation: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element modeling and experimental validation of wedge fractures in the thoracic spine.
Title: Effect of internal connection parameters on the fatigue limit of narrow-diameter implants - a finite element study.
Title: Unlocking 2D/3D+T myocardial mechanics from cine MRI: a mechanically regularized space-time finite element correlation framework.
Title: A new combined reduction anatomical plate for the treatment of acetabular anterior column and posterior hemi-transverse fractures: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Strength analysis of cable tunnels with different embedding depths by using finite element method.
Title: Mechanical effects of taper angles in implant-abutment connection: a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of reconstruction plates in bone-grafted mandibular defects: a finite element analysis.
Title: Radial tears of the lateral meniscus reduce contact area by 70% and triple condylar stress: A physics-based finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of different attachment configurations and skeletal anchorage force application points on canines during distalization of maxillary second molars with clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element study on the effect of bruxism on the fracture resistance of maxillary zirconia fixed partial dentures with varying anterior inter-implant distances.
Title: Corneal biomechanical response in orthokeratology: A finite element model based on squeeze-film force.
Title: Simulating human foot mechanics during walking based on an anatomically detailed forward dynamic finite element model.
Title: Biomechanical impact of discoid lateral meniscus and partial meniscectomy in the pediatric knee: a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical optimization of iliolumbar fixation strategies for unilateral vertical sacral fractures: Prioritizing stability-mobility balance via finite element analysis.
Title: Novel 3D-navigated screw corridors for posterior pelvic ring stabilization: a finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of Anchorage Loss During Fixed Orthodontic Technique with or without Anterior Mini-Implants in Class I Bimaxillary Extraction Design-A Finite Element Study.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Customized 3D-Printed Orthodontic Archwires Using Finite Element Modeling and Clinical Validation.
Title: Effect of tibial tray backside design on stress transfer and micromotion in uncemented posterior-stabilized TKA: A finite element study.
Title: Effects of linear elastic vs. hyper-viscoelastic PDL and uniform vs. nonuniform alveolar bone models on dental biomechanics: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of posterior short-segment fixation with or without intermediate screws for thoracolumbar burst fractures under normal and osteoporotic conditions: a finite element analysis.
Title: A multilayer, anisotropy-aware, age-dependent finite element framework for pin-skull indentation mechanics with implications for pediatric cranial safety.
Title: The impact of preparation dimensions and material choice on stress distribution in MOD inlays: a 3D finite element study.
Title: A finite element analysis of stress distribution on maxillofacial skeleton and temporomandibular joint articular disc under intermaxillary loading after simulated bone anchored maxillary protraction.
Title: Influence of Conventional and Innovative Abutment Designs and Retention Mechanisms on the Biomechanics and Microgap Pattern: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Research on Seismic and Self-Centering Performance of SMAF-ECC Prefabricated Self-Centering Frame Joints Based on Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Stress Analysis of PDL and Apical Foramen in Traumatized Teeth With Incisal/Cervical Fiber Splinting: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite element analysis and clinical application of percutaneous sustentaculum tali screw fixation for Sanders type II and III calcaneal fractures.
Title: Impact of Various Sleeve Materials on Temperature Variations During Guided Endodontic Access Cavity Preparation Utilizing Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of Various Implant Placement Strategies on Stress Distribution in Maxillary Implant-Retained Overdenture: A 3D Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Remplissage With Bankart Repair for Anterior Glenohumeral Instability: Reducing Anterior Humeral Head Displacement by Implanting Anchors in the Upper Region of Hill-Sachs Lesions.
Title: Stress Distribution Pattern of a Calculated Standardized Force on Primary Second Molar Restored with 3D-printed Resin NextDent Crown and Prefabricated Zirconia Crown: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the effects of gap filling and tuberosity union for stability in open-wedge distal tuberosity tibial osteotomy.
Title: The effect of additional reduction screw fixation for basicervical femoral neck fracture: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluating the rotational stability of toric intraocular lenses with different haptic designs using finite element analysis.
Title: Management of comminuted extra-articular distal femoral fracture: A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of femoral stress response during squatting: A combined multibody dynamics and finite element approach.
Title: Diagnosis and treatment of Pipkin type IV femoral head fracture : a finite element analysis.
Title: Hip-preserving treatment of early ONFH via arthroscopy: preoperative finite element analysis planning with 3D printing assistance.
Title: Calibration of Drucker-Prager plasticity in prosthetic materials: From experimental characterization to reverse-engineering finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation and optimization of shield design for anterior teeth in the socket shield technique: a finite element study.
Title: Effect of deep margin elevation and cavity configuration on the mechanical behavior of endocrown restorations: a 3D finite element study.
Title: An improved Wexler algorithm for electrical impedance tomography using finite element method and gradient based overrelaxation.
Title: Correction to: High-Fidelity Finite Element Modeling Technique to Improve Sensitivity to Bone Tissue Changes of Older Adults with Obesity undergoing Intensive Lifestyle Intervention.
Title: Structural damage analysis using finite element model updating enhanced by response surface methodology.
Title: Sensitivity Analysis of a Morphological Finite Element L4-L5 Functional Spine Unit for Biomechanical Responses.
Title: Effect of segmental rim defect morphology on press-fit stability of the cementless acetabular cup: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of carbon-fiber plate design on foot stress injury risk: a finite element analysis.
Title: Verification, validation, and uncertainty quantification of finite element analysis results for pedicle screw assemblies under ASTM F1717 flexion and extension testing.
Title: Fracture toughness evaluation of zirconia ceramics using nonlinear dynamic finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of partial and full L4-L5 disc nucleotomy: a coupled musculoskeletal finite element modeling study.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of internal root resorption treatment using various root canal filling materials.
Title: Improvement of the anti-debonding performance of CFRP-steel circular hollow section with conical-shaped CHS under tensile load: a finite element analysis.
Title: Development and biomechanical evaluation of subject-specific, anatomically complete 3D finite element models of the temporomandibular joint using the four-finger mouth-opening test.
Title: Producing micro-finite element models from real-time clinical CT scanners: calibration, validation and material mapping strategies.
Title: Fixation stability and stress redistribution following metal block use in opening-wedge high tibial osteotomy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of mandibular molar intrusion with or without an archwire constriction bend: A finite element study.
Title: The effect of adjusting the baseplate size to the glenoid on primary fixation stability in reverse total shoulder arthroplasty: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical impact of lateral meniscus pathology on anterior cruciate ligament stress: a finite element analysis.
Title: Corrigendum to "Design of cyclic tissue engineering bioreactor based on alginate hydrogel responses to the stress of compression surface morphologies and texture profile and its finite element analysis" [Int. J. Biol. Macromol. 338 (2026) 1 page-13 page].
Title: 3D finite element analysis of removable partial denture with lingual bar major connector constructed with cobalt chromium, PEEK, PEKK, and BioHPP.
Title: Impact of distance and vertical placement of distal implants on bone mechanics in bar-retained overdenture treatment: A 3D finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Maxillary Overdentures Supported by Two, Three, and Four Implants.
Title: Finite Element-Based Biomechanical Evaluation of Patient-Specific Insoles for a Pediatric Patient with Hereditary Spastic Paraplegia Using the Taguchi Method.
Title: A comparative 3D finite element analysis of mandibular advancement with clear aligners and twin block appliances.
Title: Biomechanical effects of insole material stiffness on the human foot: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effect of combined use of mini-screws and aligners in preventing uncontrolled tipping of the incisor and mesial tipping of the molar: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: How periapical lesion size affects stress distribution in endodontically treated maxillary incisors: a finite element analysis.
Title: Structural finite element analysis of the lumbar spine applied to the conceptual design of a compliant interbody cage implant.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Cochlear Mechanics: A Systematic Review.
Title: Finite element analysis of the biomechanical behavior of four osseointegrated prosthetic designs.
Title: Assessment of the biomechanical performance of digitally manufactured space maintainers: a finite element analysis.
Title: [Finite element analysis of tibial and femoral resection configurations on varus alignment in total knee arthroplasty].
Title: Combining 3D Multi-Object Reconstruction with Finite Element Analysis for Accurate Dental Modelling and Restoration.
Title: Influence of plate working length on fatigue life in load bearing osteosynthesis constructs: Experimental insights and validated finite element predictions.
Title: 4 pedicle screw mono-segment versus 6 pedicle screw short-segment fixation in the treatment of thoracolumbar endplate fractures: finite element analysis and clinical follow-up.
Title: Correction: A novel posterior endoscopic cervical approach for treating cervical spondylotic radiculopathy: a finite-element analysis(C2-T1).
Title: Mechanical Behaviour of Dental Luting Cements: Static, Dynamic, and Finite Element Studies.
Title: Biomechanical Comparative Evaluation of Atrophic Edentulous Maxilla Rehabilitation Using the All-on-Six Concept with Zygomatic Implant and Tilted Implant as Posterior Implant-Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effectiveness of Finite Element Modelling in Maxillofacial Surgery: A Review of Evidence from Saudi Arabia.
Title: A least squares finite element method to multi-species modeling of negative DC corona discharges in point-to-plane configurations.
Title: Integration of finite element method and artificial intelligence for evaluating PEEK composites in rib cage reconstruction process under impact conditions.
Title: Incorporation of regional mechanical heterogeneity into finite-element simulations of soft biological tissues.
Title: Advancing material modeling in hydrocodes using a concurrent finite-element and molecular dynamics multiscale framework.
Title: Design of cyclic tissue engineering bioreactor based on alginate hydrogel responses to the stress of compression surface morphologies and texture profile and its finite element analysis.
Title: Optimisation strategies for intramedullary nailing parameters in subtrochanteric fractures of the femur: a multimodal assessment based on finite element and biomechanical experiments.
Title: A centroid iterative method for fitting the femoral neck axis in rotational osteotomy: a finite element analysis and biomechanical investigation.
Title: Biomechanical Impact of Titanium Cage Tilt in the Sagittal Plane in Lumbar Total Spondylectomy: a Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparison of the biomechanical behavior of different fixation configurations following Le Fort I advancement and inferior repositioning surgery: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: A novel prosthetic foot with a flexible rubber ankle for the Indonesian population: a finite element analysis.
Title: Rehabilitation in Cases of Maxillary Lateral Incisor Agenesis Using Zirconia Implant and Abutment: Finite Element Analysis and Systematic Review.
Title: CT/MRI-based finite element model construction and biomechanical analysis of acetabular quadrilateral fractures.
Title: Finite Element Investigation of Protective K-Wire Contribution to Hinge Fracture Prevention in Distal Femoral Osteotomy.
Title: Magnetic Resonance Imaging-Based Cohesive Extended Finite Element Modeling of Atypical Femoral Fracture.
Title: Biomechanical performance of auxetic-structured PLA coronary stents: a comparative finite element analysis with Absorb and Fantom stents.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of 3D Printed and Thermoformed EVA Custom-Made Mouthguard: Experimental and Finite Element Analyses.
Title: Pressure and contact area in the coxofemoral joint during activities from finite element parametric modelling.
Title: Time-resolved prediction of dental implant biomechanics through integration of finite element analysis, osseointegration dynamics, and deep learning.
Title: Growth Prediction of Type B Aortic Dissections Using Wall-Stress-Driven Finite Element Simulation Based on the Unified-Fiber-Distribution (UFD) Model.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of fixation strategies for sports-related tibial tuberosity avulsion fractures in adolescents: biomechanical evidence for optimized clinical decision-making.
Title: Impact of lamina preservation height during posterior decompression on lumbar biomechanical stress distribution: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of flexural behavior in ultra-high-strength concrete beams with BFRP and hybrid BFRP-steel reinforcement.
Title: Biomechanical optimization of pedicle screw trajectories in osteoporotic lumbar fusion: finite element analysis and validation of robotic-assisted implementation.
Title: A validated workflow for the design and certification of below-the-hook lifting devices integrating finite element analysis and physical proof testing.
Title: Three-dimensional zone of centers of resistance in maxillary central incisors and first molars: Couple-based finite element determination.
Title: Finite Element Analysis to Evaluate the Biomechanical Effects of the Different Cortical Cuts on Canine and Related Supporting Tissues During Retraction.
Title: Miniscrew placement on mandibular buccal shelf and infra-zygomatic crest area: A finite element analysis.
Title: Investigation of the effect of impacted third molar position and orientation on bad split fractures in sagittal split ramus osteotomy using finite element analysis.
Title: Expression of concern: "A state-of-the-art review on experimental investigation and finite element analysis on structural behaviour of fibre reinforced polymer reinforced concrete beams" [Heliyon 9 (2023) e14225].
Title: Establishment and validation of a three-dimensional finite element model for degenerative lumbar scoliosis.
Title: Correction: Distalization of the mandibular first molar with clear aligners: a 3D finite element study.
Title: Optimal Placement of Supplemental Accessory Rods to Prevent Rod Fracture at the Lumbosacral Junction in Long Spinopelvic Fixation Using Lateral Interbody Fusion: A Biomechanical Experimental Study Using a Synthetic Bone Model and a Finite Element Model.
Title: Effect of span length and connector size on fracture resistance of monolithic zirconia FPDs: A finite element analysis.
Title: Whole-ear finite element analysis of superior semicircular canal dehiscence and its impact on inner-ear responses.
Title: Reduced lateral hinge stress and fracture risk in double-hinge medial open-wedge high tibial osteotomy: A finite element study.
Title: In case effects of proximal fibular osteotomy and total knee arthroplasty on load distribution in the human knee: A comparative finite element study.
Title: Enhanced scaphoid fixation with Kirschner wire: A clinical and finite element study.
Title: A comparative analysis of different suture-button orientations for optimal dynamic stabilization of injured syndesmosis: A finite element study.
Title: Effects of Schanz screw location on reduction efficiency in distal femur fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Corrigendum to "Analysis of intrinsic contributing factors in geriatric tibial plateau fractures using extended finite element method" [J. Biomech. 194 (2026) 113060].
Title: Combined experimental and micro finite element analysis of CF/PEEK pedicle screw pullout.
Title: Distal Upper Molar Force Distribution With Clear Aligners Using Different Anterior Teeth Anchorage Setups: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Letter to the editor: A comparative finite element study of novel design hook plates for fixation of patella fracture.
Title: [Lesser Metatarsals Load after Minimally-Invasive Surgery for Hallux Valgus Correction: A Finite Element Model].
Title: Lesser Metatarsals Load after Minimally-Invasive Surgery for Hallux Valgus Correction: A Finite Element Model.
Title: Custom 3D-printed split-type triflange implants for severe acetabular defects: mid-term clinical outcomes and biomechanical insights from finite element analysis.
Title: Standing CT-based finite element models efficiently identify regions of high mechanical strain in equine metacarpal subchondral bone.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Conventional Fixation and 3D-Printed Scaffold Integration for Treating Large Osseous Femoral Defects.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of attachment geometries for labio-lingual inclinations in maxillary incisors of Class II Division 2 malocclusion: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of load transfer in Talus focal resurfacing implant: experimental and finite element models.
Title: Influence of the level and strategy of glenoid component lateralization on the postoperative biomechanics of shoulder arthroplasty: a finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Finite Element Analysis of Denosumab and Bazedoxifene on Pedicle Screw Stability in Osteoporotic Spines.
Title: Mechanical Homogenisation of TPMS Architectures: A Comparison Between Finite Element and Mechanics of Structure Genome Approaches.
Title: Corticotomy Depth as a Modulator of Orthodontic Tooth Movement and PDL Stress-A Finite Element Study.
Title: Analysis of a Two-Stage Magnetic Precession Gear Exploiting 3D Finite Element Method.
Title: Research on High-Temperature Damage Behavior of Super Martensitic Stainless Steel 04Cr13Ni5Mo Based on Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Biomechanical effect of different abutment and crown restoration materials in a single anterior dental implant and surrounding bone: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Effect of a Lumbar Interfacet Cage (FFX) Device When Combined With Pedicle Screw Constructs: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of a novel correction technique for adolescent idiopathic scoliosis: finite element analysis.
Title: For severe and rigid adult idiopathic scoliosis, does an optimal extent of posterior intervertebral release exist? A finite element analysis.
Title: The correlation between femoral trochlear dysplasia and meniscal tear in young individuals: a finite element analysis based on MRI.
Title: Finite element-based prioritization of pelvic floor muscles for rehabilitation to maintain urinary and fecal control in elderly women.
Title: Intra-osseous and coverage fixation for inferior pole fracture of the patella: a comparative finite element analysis and retrospective cohort study.
Title: A Study to Evaluate the Effect of Bone Density on Abutment Screw Loosening Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Biomechanical effects of disc cement for lumbar locking interbody cementation: Finite-element mobility analysis and debris-removing reamer design.
Title: Deep Learning-based Surrogate Model of Subject-Specific Finite-Element Analysis for Vertebrae.
Title: 3D-printed tantalum artificial vertebral body or titanium mesh in anterior column reconstruction post-spondylectomy for thoracic vertebral tumors: a retrospective comparative cohort study and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Compression Therapy in Lower Limb Lymphedema.
Title: Modeling and constant-curvature design of a 120° spirally notched neurosurgical device using finite element method.
Title: Advancing cervical spine finite element analysis: validation of foraminal ligaments and a nerve root submodel under helmet loads.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element assessment of grid-type plate in 2 different designs of sagittal split osteotomy of the mandibular ramus.
Title: A unified finite element framework for cardiac growth and remodeling in mitral regurgitation incorporating fiber reorientation and baroreflex.
Title: Zirconia vs. titanium dental implants in maxillofacial trauma: a preliminary comparative biomechanical analysis in the maxilla using the finite element method.
Title: Biomechanical finite element simulation of the pelvic organs under dynamic loading and validation against experimental data from magnetic resonance imaging.
Title: Innovative approaches for microfluidics techniques in tissue engineering and revolutionizing sports medicine: Enhancing athletic performance and recovery using finite element and statistical analysis.
Title: Finite-element modelling of the 3D motion of the malleus-incus complex validated with 3D laser Doppler vibrometry.
Title: Biomechanical Study of Finite Element Method on Novel Composite Anterior Cervical Spine Fixation Techniques.
Title: A combined machine learning and finite element modelling tool for the surgical planning of craniosynostosis correction.
Title: Finite-element analysis-based design and efficacy assessment of a three-dimensional anisotropic heel cushioning pad for diabetic foot management.
Title: Biomechanical effects of root/cortical bone relation on tooth movement during premolar-extraction space closure with clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of transnasal, zygomatic and pterygoid implants in the rehabilitation of the atrophic maxilla.
Title: An application of finite element analysis predicts unique temperatures and fates for flatback sea turtle embryos.
Title: Designing a Finite Element Model to Determine the Different Fixation Positions of Tracheal Catheters in the Oral Cavity for Minimizing the Risk of Oral Mucosal Pressure Injury: Comparison Study.
Title: Scale-Specific Viscoelastic Characterization of Hydrogels: Integrated AFM and Finite Element Modeling.
Title: [A finite element method biomechanical study of a new type of composite anterior cervical internal fixation methods].
Title: Finite element analysis of temporomandibular joint stress distribution during treatment with novel digital composite plates and invisible aligners.
Title: Predicting surgical outcomes in spring assisted cranioplasty via finite element analysis and animal experiments.
Title: Enhanced implant longevity: Finite element optimization of all-on-four implant designs to minimize jawbone stresses.
Title: Finite Element Modelling of standardised measuring cells filled with tissue-mimicking materials for bioimpedance assessment.
Title: Multiscale finite element analysis of TRC-strengthened concrete columns under lateral cyclic loading.
Title: On equivalence of algebraic and finite element formulations of prestressed bar structures.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of the patient-specific appropriate correction angle for cervical kyphosis in multilevel anterior cervical discectomy and fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: 3D finite element analysis of occlusal contact effects on mandibular second molar mobility.
Title: An automated optical coherence tomography to finite element analysis pipeline reveals key morphological determinants of optic nerve head biomechanics in glaucoma.
Title: Three-dimensional Finite Element Analysis of Quad Zygomatic, Transnasal and Pterygoid Implants for Rehabilitation of Patients with a Severely Atrophic Maxilla.
Title: Distalization of the mandibular first molar with clear aligners: a 3D finite element study.
Title: Evaluation of fracture resistance in a single rooted mandibular first premolar following access opening with AReneto
Title: Case Report: Robot-assisted sacral fracture reduction with patient-specific finite element planning.
Title: The establishment and biomechanical analysis of finite element model for halo-pelvic traction in scoliosis correction.
Title: Comparative structural, thermal, and fatigue analysis of connecting rod materials for ural-4320 military diesel engines using finite element method.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of prosthetic framework materials in subperiosteal implants: a finite element analysis.
Title: Mechanical stress on the rod in posterior spinal fusion with and without rod fracture: a finite element analysis.
Title: Generated stresses finite element analysis of restored endodontically treated molar using single versus double titanium posts : Abbreviated title: generated stresses finite element analysis of restored endodontically treated molar.
Title: Addressing methodological gaps in finite element analysis of novel hook plates for patellar fracture fixation.
Title: An application of 
Title: Lateral stress distribution analysis on hafnium metal bar for implant superstructure- A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of biomechanical effects in rat tibia during tibial cortex transverse transport.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of single anterior implant restoration under three occlusal conditions based on design of crown root ratio].
Title: Biomechanical rational for development of cervical kyphosis deformity: a finite element analysis.
Title: Inverse design framework for 4D printed structures using the finite element method.
Title: Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry based biofidelic finite element models for simulating falls to the hip: Impact of trochanteric soft tissue thickness on fracture risk.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of anterior cervical corpectomy and fusion, anterior controllable antedisplacement and fusion, and anterior cervical X-shape-corpectomy and fusion in the surgical treatment of ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament: a finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of Stability of Rigid and Non-Rigid Fixation in Bifocal Fractures of Mandible Involving a Unilateral Mandibular Subcondyle Fracture Associated with a Contralateral Mandibular Dentate Fracture: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the treatment of infant developmental dysplasia of the hip by traditional Chinese medical physical manipulation.
Title: Clinical efficacy and finite element analysis of dynamic crossing screw system in the treatment of non-displaced femoral neck fractures in elderly patients with osteoporosis.
Title: Analysis of the Hertz Contact Model for Evaluating Mechanical Properties of Polymers Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: A Finite Element Study of Bimodulus Materials with 2D Constitutive Relations in Non-Principal Stress Directions.
Title: Design and Fabrication of Customised Diabetic Insoles for Optimised Foot Pressure Distribution Using Finite Element Analysis and Additive Manufacturing Technology.
Title: Using Two X-Ray Images to Create a Parameterized Scoliotic Spine Model and Analyze Disk Stress Adjacent to Spinal Fixation-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of three full-arch immediate loading protocols in the mandible via finite element analysis: All-on-4, Trefoil, and Five-implant design.
Title: What is the role of second molars in leveling the curve of Spee? A finite element analysis study.
Title: Biomechanical Influence of Different Cervical Micro-Thread Forms over Narrow-Diameter Implants (2.9 mm) Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution in Immature Permanent Incisors Following MTA Apexification with Different Coronal Base Materials.
Title: A biomechanical study comparing combined S1AI and S3AI trajectories to other pelvic fixation techniques: A finite element analysis.
Title: Fixture design effects on posterior dental implant stability using finite element analysis (FEA): a systematic review.
Title: Mechanical behavior of esthetic CAD/CAM post-core restorations: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Predicting thickness distribution of thermoplastic dental aligners via KBKZ-based finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of engine pistons: comparative assessment of aluminium and titanium alloys under combined thermal-structural loading.
Title: Comparison of Suture Configurations for Acromioclavicular Joint Synthetic Reconstruction in Acromioclavicular Joint Separation: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of different bilateral percutaneous vertebroplasty in treating osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures: finite element analysis.
Title: A FINITE ELEMENT FRAMEWORK FOR BULK-SURFACE COUPLED PDES TO SOLVE MOVING BOUNDARY PROBLEMS IN BIOPHYSICS.
Title: Effectiveness of Clear Aligner Thickness and Attachment Design in the Intrusion of Posterior Teeth: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Iterative finite element analysis of clear aligner-induced bodily canine movement under alveolar bone loss conditions.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Two Vowel Changes in a Male Vocal Tract Model With an Aramany Class I Maxillectomy.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Maxillary Central Incisors After Regenerative Endodontic Treatment: An Extended Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of different customized abutment materials on stress distribution of different internal implant-abutment connections: finite element analysis.
Title: A 15° valgus femoral prosthesis orientation optimizes biomechanics in hip resurfacing arthroplasty: a finite element analysis.
Title: The contribution of trabeculae and the failure initiation in the proximal femur: a finite element analysis.
Title: Anterior column reconstruction with titanium mesh cage versus autogenous cancellous bone graft for short segmentation fusion after hemivertebra resection in the thoracolumbar spine: a retrospective and finite-element study.
Title: Impact of framework material, cantilever design, and wing configuration on stress distribution in patient specific additively manufactured subperiosteal jaw implants: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of a lower-limb implant model under gait and stumbling conditions using finite element analysis.
Title: Comparing the importance of implant customization vs. usage of a fibular graft using a novel mandibular implant for improved reconstruction: a finite element study.
Title: Evaluation of a universal talus implant during gait: a combined musculoskeletal and finite element modelling approach.
Title: Finite element analysis of progressive collapse resistance of a prefabricated RC frame structure with stud connection considering chloride corrosion.
Title: Numerical Performance Analysis: Examination of hA, hBN, ZrO
Title: Biomechanical comparison of five fixation methods in minimally invasive hallux valgus osteotomy: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of materially uniform dielectric elastomers.
Title: Data-driven surgical planning for cleft lip repair: Optimization of individualized incisions using 3D finite element simulation and clinical translational validation.
Title: Three-dimensional finite-element analysis of a pedicle screw system combined with a titanium mesh support and fixation in the treatment of L4-5 vertebral tuberculosis.
Title: Comparison of the Biomechanical Effects of Cervical Localized and Nonlocalized Rotation Manipulations on Cervical Spondylotic Radiculopathy: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Kirschner wire configuration and fixation stability in pediatric supracondylar humerus fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Molecular and mechanical insights into gecko seta adhesion: multiscale simulations combining molecular dynamics and the finite element method.
Title: A finite element analysis on the execution effects of two novel distalization sequences in clear aligners.
Title: Biomechanical effects of aligner trimline design and intrusion protocol on mandibular anterior teeth: a finite element study.
Title: Modified Vlasov modeling of a circular raft on elastic foundations using higher-order finite element.
Title: Intelligent ensemble learning-enhanced finite element modeling for precision thermal ablation in cancer therapy.
Title: Maxillary arch expansion in different dentition stages using clear aligners: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of the mechanical performance of intramedullary nail and locking plate in tibiotalocalcaneal arthrodesis : a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of different cephalomedullary nail treatments for basicervical femoral neck fracture.
Title: Breaking the treatment dilemma of Schatzker IV fractures: finite element analysis validates hybrid single-plate with tension screw fixation for synergistic optimization of stability and minimally invasive outcomes.
Title: Large-strain anisotropic behavior of meat during cooking: A finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Study of Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion Constructs Near Cervicothoracic Junction-Is T2 Modeling Necessary?
Title: Flexure-Based Locking Plates Can Modulate Interfragmentary Motion in Distal Femur and Diaphyseal Fractures: A Parametric Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparative Analysis of Open-Source Finite Element Method Solvers for Computational Fluid Dynamics Performance in a Carotid Artery Model.
Title: A rheological study of human cranial cavity in shirodhara procedure using finite element method.
Title: Effect of Design Parameters of an Uncemented Hip Stem on Bone Ingrowth-Finite Element Analyses Integrated With Mechanoregulatory Algorithm and Design of Experiment.
Title: Wave propagation in highly anisotropic polycrystals: A numerical perspective from an unstructured-mesh-based high-order finite element method.
Title: Stress distribution and prosthesis deformation analysis of different bar materials considering weight in trefoil implant system under various loading conditions: a finite element study.
Title: A novel posterior endoscopic cervical approach for treating cervical spondylotic radiculopathy: a finite-element analysis(C2-T1).
Title: Impact of BMI, osteoporosis, and disc degeneration on post-UBE lumbar stability: a finite element analysis of nonlinear synergistic effects.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of four internal fixation systems for two-segment anterior cervical corpectomy and fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Calibration Framework for Modeling Nonlinear Viscoelastic-Plastic Behavior of Bioresorbable Polymers in Finite Element Analysis for Stent Applications.
Title: Equilibrium-Based Finite Element Analysis of the Reissner-Mindlin Plate Bending Problem.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Thermal-Mechanical Coupling and Process Parameter Optimization in Laser Etching of Al-Tedlar-Kevlar Composite Films.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Patient-Specific Temporomandibular Joint Prostheses Using Ti6Al4V and CoCrMo Alloys: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Is Anterior Longitudinal Ligament Rupture During Posterior Corrective Surgery for Adult Spinal Deformity a Phenomenon Unique to When Combined with Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion? -Finite Element Analysis with Comparison to When Combined with Posterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion-.
Title: Optimization of micro tool geometry for ballpoint pen tip production using finite element simulation and orthogonal experiments.
Title: Dynamic finite element analysis of stress distribution in edentulous fixed restorations: Effects of different implant configurations and framework materials.
Title: Effects of dumbbell weight on the rest-pause triceps kickback exercise in women: kinetic, finite element and EMG analyses.
Title: Correction to: Structural response of mandibular first molars in the presence of proximal contacts: finite element analysis with antagonist teeth and alternative loading applications.
Title: The impact of physiological and parafunctional posterior occlusal forces on experimental Ti-15Zrsupracrestal dental implant - a finite element analysis.
Title: Analysis of intrinsic contributing factors in geriatric tibial plateau fractures using extended finite element method.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the effects of different force vectors on tooth movement in miniscrew-assisted en masse retraction.
Title: fish2eod: finite element modelling of active electric sensing.
Title: Nonsymmorphic symmetry adapted finite element modeling of glide-symmetric photonic structures.
Title: Concern on "Biomechanical evaluation of three different fixation methods for treating displaced tibial avulsion fracture of the posterior cruciate ligament: A finite element analysis".
Title: Anisotropic Interface Continuum Solvation Model and the Finite-Element Anisotropic Poisson Solver.
Title: Optimising the materials for triboelectric nanogenerator to harvest the wrist pulse signal: a numerical study using the finite element method.
Title: Inelastic mechanical descriptors for osteoporotic hip fracture discrimination with 3D-DXA-based nonlinear finite element models.
Title: Targeted probiotic tabletting: A hybrid active learning and finite element modelling approach for process optimisation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Biomechanical Effects of Manipulations of Hip and Knee Flexion on the Sacroiliac Joint.
Title: Multi-Objective Optimization of Dental Implant Designs With Multi-Recessed Holes: Insights From Static and Dynamic Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The impact of lateral ankle ligament injuries on ankle stability and talar cartilage stress: a finite element analysis of combined injury mechanisms.
Title: Biomechanical investigations on compression, expansion, and flexion of tubal occluders: a finite element analysis.
Title: A study on the macro- and micro-dynamic characteristics of lumbar spine under different frequencies based on finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element model predicts micromotion-induced strain profiles that correlate with the functional performance of Utah arrays in humans and non-human primates.
Title: A finite element reliability analysis platform for damage index-based fragility assessment of RC bridges.
Title: The effect of different micro-implant-assisted rapid palatal expanders designed digitally: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Clarifying the origin of the interpubic cavity using a biomechanical model and the finite element method.
Title: Simulation-based inference for subject-specific tuning of middle ear finite-element models towards personalized objective diagnosis.
Title: Capillary-driven plastic deformation in silver nanowires: finite element analysis of size-dependent mechanics and contact behaviours.
Title: Increased varus deformity requires greater personalisation of alignment: A finite element biomechanical study.
Title: Does the ratio of stem-to-femur length matter? A validated finite element analysis.
Title: Comparing impression techniques in the prosthodontic treatment for edentulous patients: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of deep margin elevation-assisted overlays for Mesio-Occluso-Distal and sub-CEJ defects in maxillary molars: A 3D finite element analysis and in vitro study.
Title: A Fiber-Driven Finite Element Model for Predicting Residual Limb Soft Tissue Deformation: Applications in Prosthetic Socket Design.
Title: Preclinical analysis of a novel short hip-stem design: A finite element model-based investigation.
Title: Comparison of posterior support strategies with pterygoid implants for full-arch implant rehabilitation in the atrophic maxilla: a finite element study.
Title: A workflow for evaluating J-shaped prosthetic blades using shape memory alloys: Finite element analysis and material comparison.
Title: Micro finite element analysis of vertebrae using zero-thickness cohesive elements represents post-failure fracture patterns.
Title: Design and optimization of soft finger actuators for rehabilitation applications: A combined finite element and neural network approach.
Title: Stress analysis of biomimetic restorations under thermomechanical loading using three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of a neural implant for cytostatic hypothermia and a novel heat management system.
Title: Evaluation of Tooth Movement and Anchorage Control in Clear Aligners versus Fixed Appliances: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of Thread Geometry and Bone Density on Stress Distribution in Dental Implants: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Enhancing digital twin performance through optimizing graph reduction of finite element models.
Title: Integrated use of finite element analysis and gaussian process regression in the structural analysis of AISI 316 stainless steel chimney systems.
Title: Comparative evaluation of lower incisor intrusion using conventional method and frog staging protocol in clear aligners: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Uncertainty Quantification of the Mechanical Properties of 2D Hexagonal Cellular Solid by Analytical and Finite Element Method Approach.
Title: The Optimal Fibular Strut Bone Graft Fixation Angle for Unstable Proximal Humerus Fractures: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Cement Augmentation and Prophylactic Vertebroplasty on Adjacent Segment Stability in Multilevel Spinal Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Clubfoot Correction: A Feasibility Study Toward Patient-Specific Casting.
Title: Stress Assessment of Abutment-Free and Three Implant-Abutment Connections Utilizing Various Abutment Materials: A 3D Finite Element Study of Static and Cyclic Static Loading Conditions.
Title: Optimizing Miniscrew Stability: A Finite Element Study of Titanium Screw Insertion Angles.
Title: Correction: Finite element analysis of the interaction between high-compliant balloon catheters and non-cylindrical vessel structures: towards tactile sensing balloon catheters.
Title: Does shoe cushioning space affect patellofemoral pain risk? A study based on the integrated finite element model.
Title: Evaluation of Respiratory Mask Fitting Using Finite Element Analysis Numerical Simulations and Experimental Pressure Measurements.
Title: Nonlinear dynamic analysis of pile foundation using finite element method.
Title: Modelling of mechanical performance by finite element analysis of compressive bone staples made of superelastic NiTi and Ti-Zr-Nb-Sn alloys.
Title: Evaluation of brain response to head impact in youth girls' soccer using an atlas-based finite element model.
Title: Guidelines for Sport Compressive Garments Design: Finite Element Simulations Approach.
Title: Decoupling analysis of ultrasonic scattering characteristics in porous polycrystalline materials using phase field and finite element methods.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of two-implant-supported locator overdenture in different reinforced denture base designs under four loading conditions.
Title: Finite element modelling of the sacral soft tissues under compressive loading in the context of pressure ulcer prevention: importance of the personalization of the material parameters.
Title: Finite element analysis of root canal filling materials in retained primary molars with congenital tooth agenesis.
Title: Biomechanical considerations in RPD design: application and perspective of finite element method in distal extension removable partial denture rehabilitation.
Title: Evaluating the performance of a novel double-threaded dynamic stabilization system: a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Oblique Lumbar Interbody Fusion on Adjacent Segment Degeneration After Surgery in Patients with Osteoporosis: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Equivalent study of stray magnetic field of extra-large current transformer based on finite element simulation.
Title: Is zero-profile fixation safe in consecutive two-level anterior cervical discectomy and fusion with partial uncinate resection? A finite element analysis.
Title: Computational analysis of L4-L5 interspinous process devices and interbody fusion spacers using ceramic and polymeric materials via finite element modeling and artificial intelligence.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of implant-abutment complex made of titanium, zirconia, carbon-fiber-reinforced PEEK, glass-fiber-reinforced PEEK, and PEKK versus four different bony structure configurations: A 3D finite element analysis study.
Title: Mechanical characterization of the equine linea alba and finite element modeling of suture patterns effects on its closure.
Title: Biomechanical study of different internal fixation devices for femoral neck fractures: finite element analysis based on different reduction qualities.
Title: Predisposition of Hip Prosthesis Component Positioning on Dislocation Risk: Biomechanical Considerations Based on Finite Element Method Analysis.
Title: The Effect of Varying Abutment Heights on Stress Distribution in Different Bone Densities: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of 3D-Printed Gears: Evaluating Mechanical Behaviour Through Numerical Modelling.
Title: Evaluation of five fixation methods for mandibular sagittal split osteotomy in a significant advancement with counterclockwise rotation: a finite element study.
Title: Streamlined and efficient patient-specific modeling for lumbar spine segmentation and finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Cage Position in Full-endoscopic Trans-Kambin's Triangle Lumbar Interbody Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Prediction accuracy of femoral and tibial stress and strain using statistical shape and density model-based finite element models in paediatrics.
Title: Biomechanical Impact of Cement Augmentation on Pedicle Screw Fixation and Adjacent Segment Disease in Multilevel Lumbar Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Assessing the clinical relevance of finite element models in MARPE-induced behaviour of craniofacial structures: a biomechanical review.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Implant-Assisted Mandibular Distal Extension Removable Partial Denture: Evaluating Stress Distribution in Premolar Versus Molar Implant Positions-An In-Silico Study.
Title: Finite element analysis of Scarf osteotomy for precise treatment of hallux valgus.
Title: Stability characteristics of medial meniscus tear in mild varus knee: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of implant selection and screw positioning in proximal femoral basicervical fractures.
Title: [Finite element analysis of intervention effect of 
Title: Comparative assessment of various implant configurations for atrophic maxilla: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of PRK, LASIK, and KLEx Using Personalized Finite Element Simulations.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of asymmetric metaphyseal cone applications for lateral tibial plateau fractures : a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical Impact of Splint Rods in Posterior Cervicothoracic Fixation: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of three zygomatic implant approaches using real-life anatomic models.
Title: Evaluation of iliac and fibula graft reconstructions compared to healthy mandibles: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Titanium Plates for Unilateral Condylar Neck Fracture Fixation: A Computational Study.
Title: A collaborative approach of finite element method and machine learning algorithms for biomechanical analysis of implants used in tibial shaft fractures.
Title: Impact of treatment modalities on stress distribution in maxillary incisors with varying levels of external cervical resorption: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of biomechanical behavior of all-ceramic cantilever resin-bonded fixed dental prostheses: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of trans-sutural distraction osteogenesis on the nasomaxillary complex in adolescents with cleft lip and palate.
Title: Finite element simulation of guidewire navigation in venous transcatheter procedures.
Title: Evaluation of retention cavity geometry and ferrule effect in maxillary central incisors restored with anatomically shaped glass fiber post: a finite element analysis.
Title: Pathomechanics of glenohumeral capsule and scapula in idiopathic frozen shoulder: a study using a three-dimensional finite element model.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Stress Distribution and Force Dynamics in Nobel Active Implants at Varying Angulations: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Influence of keel shape of Salto Talaris
Title: Effect of variations in mini-screw diameter, length, tapering, and thread depth on stress-strain distribution and displacement in alveolar bone: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: A multiscale finite element model of fluid-microstructure interactions in human intervertebral disc compression.
Title: An MRI-derived head-neck finite element model.
Title: Finite element analysis of the treatment of supracondylar humerus fractures in children with kirschner's pin and a new method of treatment.
Title: Construction and validation of a U-type finite element model of an osteoporotic vertebral compression fracture.
Title: Comparison of Different Bipolar Construct Configurations for the Correction of Adult Spine Deformity: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparative biomechanical analysis of three rapid maxillary expanders in BCLP patients: A three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis (FEA) to Support a New Device to Treat Mandible Subcondylar Fractures.
Title: Effects of running speed on the probability of meniscal failure in the knee joint: based on finite element analysis and the Weibull failure model.
Title: Finite element analysis of lateral pressure variations in square steel silos considering parametric impacts.
Title: Orbital Compartment Stress Responses Related to Rapid Maxillary Expansion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of attachment designs in maxillary first molar mesialization with clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: A pipeline to morph finite element models of the lumbar spine for generation of customised spinal cages.
Title: Inter-Vertebral Signal Concordance Index is a Risk Factor for Osteoporotic Vertebral Compressed Fracture: Validated by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparison of lumbar fusion and artificial disc replacement: a finite element analysis.
Title: A review of finite element modeling and surgical simulation of meniscal tear in knee joint: progress and challenges.
Title: Finite element analysis of stresses on the skull base caused by trauma during sinus lift with mallet and osteotome.
Title: Qualitative Comparison of Stress Distribution of Different Fixation Techniques of Sagittal Split Ramus Osteotomy (SSRO) in Mandibular Setback Surgery in Asymmetric Cases Using Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis (FEA).
Title: A Multi-Scale Finite Element Method for Investigating Fiber Remodeling in Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy.
Title: A finite element analysis model to support ligamentum teres function.
Title: Biomechanical Behavior of Polyether Ether Ketone Composite Dental Implants: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Lipid estimation of microalgae via Finite element simulation using voltage discharging technique.
Title: Quantification of intracellular mechanical fields in invasive cancer cells using digital volume correlation, confocal microscopy, and finite element method.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Prosthetic Designs Retained by Two or Four Implants in the Edentulous Mandible: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Design of novel plate for fixation of anterior pelvic ring injury: a digital anatomy study and finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of implant-supported prosthodontic designs for maxillary first molars with root fracture.
Title: How does endodontic access cavity design affect the biomechanics of a maxillary premolar?? a finite element analysis study.
Title: Research on Shape-Performance Integrated Monitoring Technology for Planetary Gearboxes Based on the Integration of Artificial Intelligence, Finite Element Analysis, and Multibody Dynamics Simulation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Experimental Investigation on the Machinability of PMMA/CNT Composites via Nanosectioning.
Title: Finite Element Investigation of Patellofemoral Contact Mechanics: Influence of Tibial Tuberosity Lateralisation and Trochlear Dysplasia on Extensor Mechanism Stability.
Title: Finite Element Simulation and Experiment for Electromagnetic Flanging Forming of Aluminum Alloy Sheet.
Title: Finite Element Modeling in Left Ventricular Cardiac Biomechanics: From Computational Tool to Clinical Practice.
Title: Analysis of Extreme Thermal Variations in the Oral Cavity of a Patient with a Fixed Metallic Orthodontic Appliance Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: High-Intensity Physical Activity During Late Adolescence Predicts Young Adult CT-Based Finite Element Bone Strength in Emerging Adulthood: Iowa Bone Development Study.
Title: Influence of radial clearance on Tresca stress in Al
Title: Relationship between buccal osteotomy angulation and asymmetric expansion in surgically assisted rapid palatal expansion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of different distraction gaps in open wedge high tibial osteotomy on the mechanical distribution around the knee joint: A finite element analysis and clinical validation.
Title: Roles of a nonvascularized fibular graft with and without fixation in the treatment of segmental tibial bone loss: A finite element analysis.
Title: Bone Evaluation with Micro Finite Element Analysis in Animal Models.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Trabecular-Surfaced Implants and Implant Angulation in Different Mandibular Arch Forms.
Title: Markerless Force Estimation via SuperPoint-SIFT Fusion and Finite Element Analysis: A Sensorless Solution for Deformable Object Manipulation.
Title: CORR Insights®: Should We Always Use a Metaphyseal Cone in Conjunction With Tibial Augments for Uncontained Defects? A Finite-element Biomechanical Analysis.
Title: Prophylactic wiring vs. non-wiring in hip arthroplasty: finite element and cadaveric analysis of proximal femur biomechanics.
Title: Finite element analysis: study of better osteotomy angle of the first metacarpal for thumb carpometacarpal osteoarthritis.
Title: Quantitative assessment of fracture healing using patient-specific CT finite element analysis: A novel approach to external fixation management.
Title: Neuromuscular pre-activation attenuates mandibular impact injuries: Dynamic finite element analysis of stress modulation in craniomaxillofacial structures.
Title: Finite Element Study of Two Generations of Lumbar Disc Prostheses.
Title: Assessing the feasibility of a stainless-steel lingual fixed retainer on mandibular anterior dentition with orthodontic-related labiolingual alveolar bone resorption: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Viscoelastic Cochlear Components Under Acoustic and Blast Wave Transmission.
Title: Validation of a Finite Element Ovine Thorax Model in the High-Rate Non-Penetrating Blunt Impact Environment.
Title: Verification of ideal screw size, trajectory, and shape for single and double endplate penetrating screw trajectories using osteoporotic vertebral body models based on the finite element method.
Title: Development and Assessment of a Novel Generic Finite Element Spine Model for Clinical Applications.
Title: Validation of an automated spinal fusion finite element modeling framework for the prediction of pedicle screw loosening.
Title: The effect of osteochondral fragment loss on maximal tibiotalar articular stress in posterior malleolus fractures: A finite element study.
Title: Effect of Screw Distribution on Stability and Interfragmentary Strain of Lower Tibial Fractures: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Method-Based Hybrid MRI/CBCT Generation to Improve Liver Stereotactic Body Radiation Therapy Targets Localization Accuracy.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Three Different Intramedullary Nails for Fixture of Unstable Intertrochanteric Fractures.
Title: Correction: Influence of different polymeric materials of implant and attachment on stress distribution in implant-supported overdentures: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Thermal Behaviour of Teeth With Internal Root Resorption During Obturation and Enhancing Thermal Simulations: A Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical injury risk analysis of a child dummy under cricket ball impacts: A finite element study.
Title: High-Precision Autonomous Control of Flexible Needles via Real-Time Finite Element Simulation and Cross-Entropy Optimization.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of suspensory traction and axial traction in preoperative correction of cervical kyphosis: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of sliding vs static configuration of partial threaded cannulated compression screws for Pauwels type III fracture neck of femur.
Title: Evaluation of stresses in the mandible caused by loading of all-on-four and trefoil concepts under different occlusion conditions using finite element analysis.
Title: Tongue Behaviors and Their Impact On Mandibular Anterior Structure: A Finite-Element Study.
Title: Finite element modeling in obstetrics and gynecology: advances, applications, and challenges.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the influence of different stress modes in invisible aligners on anterior teeth retraction.
Title: A Laplacian-based framework for finite element human body model positioning.
Title: Effect of Curing Parameter on the Performance of Electric-Induced Heating-Cured Carbon Fiber-Reinforced Conductive Cement-Based Materials: Experiment and Finite Element Method Analysis.
Title: Stability, Micromotion, and Microstrain in Short Implants with High C/I Ratios: Combined In Vitro and Finite Element Analysis Approach.
Title: Research on the influence of the morphology of coarse aggregates from Reclaimed Asphalt Pavement (RAP) on the mechanical properties of asphalt concrete based on finite element modeling.
Title: Role of baroreflex feedback loop in predictions of left ventricular growth: A multiscale finite element modelling study.
Title: Excitonic States in GaAs/Al
Title: On the Numerical Evaluation of Wall Shear Stress Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Biomechanical Performance of Implant-Tooth-Supported Prostheses: A Numerical 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Deep Learning-Based Super Resolution Applied to Finite Element Analysis of Fused Deposition Modeling 3D Printing.
Title: Identification of Johnson-Cook Model Parameters for Human Cortical Bone Using Inverse Finite Element Method to Practice and Rehearse Surgical Operations.
Title: Biomechanical impact of sagittal curvature radius in glenoid fossa on TMJ prosthesis performance: A finite element study of custom designs.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Mandibular Distraction Osteogenesis With a New Partially Bioabsorbable Distractor.
Title: Should We Always Use a Metaphyseal Cone in Conjunction With Tibial Augments for Uncontained Defects? A Finite-element Biomechanical Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Endodontically Treated Mandibular Second Molars With Variable Root Morphologies: Endocrown vs. Post-And-Core Crown Restorations.
Title: A biomechanical investigation of three fixation methods for unilateral denis type II sacral fractures using finite element analysis.
Title: Impact of osteotomy angle on bone failure risk in a modified pull-through approach: a finite element analysis.
Title: Study of a near-cortical over-drilling technique on plate constructs with a conical locking system in a rabbit femoral fracture using a finite element model.
Title: Bone Representation Effects on Carpal Kinematics in Wrist Finite Element Models: A Methodological Comparison.
Title: Multi-objective optimization of auxetic coronary stents based on finite element simulation and surrogate modeling.
Title: Finite element simulation of lung parenchyma deformation based on porcine data.
Title: Finite element and preclinical analysis of tissue response to negative pressure wound therapy with a felted foam containing 10 mm through holes.
Title: Preclinical validation of finite element models for predicting in vivo residual plate bending using continuous implant sensor data.
Title: On the biomechanics of a novel L5-S1 posterior fixation system: A finite element study.
Title: Effect of vibration loads acting on different body regions on lumbar spine: A finite element study based on a whole-body model.
Title: [A finite element biomechanical study of anterior transpedicular root screw plate fixation system in the lower cervical spine].
Title: Biomechanical Behaviour of Simulated External Cervical Resorption Lesions With Varying 3D Extent Before and After Restoration: Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Finite element analysis of the influence of surface layer on frictional wear in a follow-up screw-rod kinematic node in GGS stabilization.
Title: Finite element modeling of pedicle screw fixation considering patient-specific bone density.
Title: [Finite element modeling and simulation study of solid-liquid biphase fiber-reinforced lumbar intervertebral disc].
Title: Reducing flight time during running decreases tibial-fibular strains in male runners: a finite element analysis.
Title: A multi-scale finite element method for investigating fiber remodeling in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Title: Finite element analysis of donor site fracture risk after medial femoral condyle flap harvest: Implications for optimal harvest site and flap size.
Title: Shield design of maxillary central incisors in the socket shield technique: A finite element method study.
Title: Experimentally validated finite element model for mechanical and fracture characteristics of SiCN thin films under different loads.
Title: Investigation of Stress Distribution and Fatigue Performance in Restored Teeth Using Different Thicknesses of Adhesive Materials and Different Restorative Materials: 3D Finite Element Analysis (FEM).
Title: Multiscale Finite Element Analysis of Warping Suppression in Microelectronics with Graded SiC/Al Composites.
Title: Effect of Bone Quality, Implant Length, and Loading Timing on Stress Transmission in the Posterior Mandible: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Correlation Analysis of Suture Anchor Pull-Out Strength with Cortical Bone Thickness and Cancellous Bone Density on a Finite Element Model.
Title: The effect of nickel-titanium rotary systems on the biomechanical behaviour of mandibular first molars with curved and straight mesial roots: a finite element analysis study.
Title: The effectiveness of the attachment position in rotated premolar in clear aligner treatment: a finite element study.
Title: Evaluating corneal cross-linking using Stress-Strain Index maps: a finite element study.
Title: Comparing linear and nonlinear finite element models of vertebral strength across the thoracolumbar spine: a benchmark from density-calibrated computed tomography.
Title: [Three dimensional finite element analysis of different restoration types and materials for maxillary first premolar with large defect].
Title: [Maxillary sinus floor wall typing and three-dimensional finite element modelling of maxillary sinus internal elevation].
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of stress distribution and influence of stainless steel preformed crown on temporomandibular joint in children].
Title: A three-dimensional finite element analysis of removable partial denture restoration: a comparison study of the combined impression 
Title: Biomechanical analysis and optimization of gradient porous TPMS-based cervical fusion cage: a finite element study.
Title: Assessing the impact of long-term captivity on Saiga Antelope calcaneus mechanical characteristics by three-dimensional finite element simulation.
Title: Multimodal Evaluation of Three NiTi Rotary Systems: Clinical Simulation, Mechanical Testing, and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparative evaluation of stress distribution in maxillary premolar restored with onlay fabricated with different restorative materials - A three-dimensional finite element analysis study.
Title: Electrode selection framework for oxygen evolution reaction catalysts involving density functional theory and finite element method.
Title: From single ligament to multi-ligament injury: a finite element study on the contribution of the posterior ligamentous complex to segmental stability and intervertebral disc stress distribution.
Title: Complicated crown fractures in maxillary central incisors restored by fragment reattachment technique: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Effect of Chinese Manual Therapy for Cervical Spondylotic Radiculopathy After Percutaneous Endoscopic Cervical Foraminotomy and Diskectomy: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite element and microstructural analyses indicate that pteraspid heterostracan oral plate microstructure was adapted to a mechanical function.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Philtrum and Cupid's Bow Reconstruction Techniques for Secondary Unilateral Cleft Lip Deformities: A Finite Element Modeling Study.
Title: LOCAL DIVERGENCE-FREE IMMERSED FINITE ELEMENT-DIFFERENCE METHOD USING COMPOSITE B-SPLINES.
Title: Experimental and micro-finite element analysis of the toggling behaviour of a carbon fibre-reinforced PEEK pedicle screw.
Title: Effect of different titanium mesh thicknesses on mechanical strength and bone stress: a finite element study.
Title: Effects of various micro-osteoperforation approaches on canine and aligner displacements, and the stress in the periodontal ligament: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of En-Masse Versus Alternate Anterior Retraction for Anterior Teeth With Clear Aligners: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Novaloc Attachments at Extreme Angulations and Arch Forms: A Specification Study.
Title: Finite element analysis of short-segment fixation combined with expandable polyetheretherketone vertebral body replacement in osteoporotic vertebrae.
Title: Effect of suction angle on zonular fibers during residual cortex removal in phacoemulsification using finite element modeling.
Title: Comparative analysis of micro- and homogenized finite element simulations to predict the load-bearing capacity of trabecular bone screws.
Title: Effect of Thermal and Vibration Changes on Automated External Defibrillator Circuit Boards: Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: The influence of "kickstand" screws on the mechanical performance of a lateral distal femoral plate : a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of stem migration after total hip replacement.
Title: Talus Fracture - a Pathomechanical Study Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The biomechanical changes of facet joint violation after transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion combined with decompression surgery: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of chloride ion penetration and service life prediction in concrete with supplementary cementitious materials.
Title: Finite element analysis of bone remodeling induced by swelling anchors considering heterogeneous properties.
Title: Implant number and distribution for implant-supported fixed complete dentures according to three-dimensional finite element analysis: a scoping review.
Title: Finite element analysis of the impact of different traction anchorage locations on maxillary molar distalization with clear aligners and implant screws.
Title: Verification of optimal position of shelf graft for acetabular dysplasia using finite element analysis and virtual surgery model.
Title: The role of 3D printing and finite element-based computational simulations in transcatheter pulmonary valve replacement.
Title: Finite Element Model Updating for a Continuous Beam-Arch Composite Bridge Based on the RSM and a Nutcracker Optimization Algorithm.
Title: Spherical Indentation Behavior of DD6 Single-Crystal Nickel-Based Superalloy via Crystal Plasticity Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Optimisation of Response Surface Methodology Based on Finite Element Analysis for Laser Cladding of Highly Hardened WC(Co,Ni) Coatings.
Title: Dynamic Recrystallization Model of High-Temperature Deformation and Finite Element Analysis of Microstructure Evolution of 14Cr1Mo Pressure Vessel Steel.
Title: Micromechanical Finite Element Model Investigation of Cracking Behavior and Construction-Related Deficiencies in Asphalt Mixtures.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of immediately placed implant using bone graft and socket shield techniques: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of occlusal loading type and cyclic fatigue on the mechanical behavior of sound maxillary premolars: a laboratory and 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Cone Beam Computed Tomography-Based Finite Element Analysis of Bone-Implant Constructs and Comparison With Experimental Measurements.
Title: Effect of Neck and Microthread Design of Narrow Implants on Peri-Implant Bone Tissue: A Nonlinear Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of three reconstruction strategies for AORI IIA tibial bone defects in TKA.
Title: Numerical approximation of slowly varying envelope in finite element electromagnetism: a ray-wave method of modeling multi-scale devices.
Title: Biomechanical changes of different cement volumes at the thoracolumbar vertebrae in osteoporotic compression fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Automatic Laser-based Geometry Capture for Finite Element Analysis of Weld Beads.
Title: Optimal Plate Position for Biomechanical Stability in Medial Opening-Wedge High Tibial Osteotomy: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Can Multi-Vertebral CT-Based Finite Element Models Accurately Predict Strains? An In Vitro Validation Study.
Title: Evaluation of the effectiveness of Kirschner wires in preventing lateral hinge fractures in high tibial osteotomy: A finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of fracture level on optimal Kirschner wire configuration in pediatric supracondylar humerus fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanics of humeral locking plate augmented with fibular strut allograft and intramedullary strut plate using finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element model of capsular bag contraction and its effect on IOL position.
Title: Experimental and finite element analysis of a two wheeler handlebar subjected to semi active constrained layer damping treatment.
Title: Two-piece versus single-piece patient-specific titanium subperiosteal implants in atrophied edentulous mandibles: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of various fixation strategies in oblique lumbar interbody fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Assessment of hybrid nanocomposite AFOs for pediatric cerebral palsy: mechanical, spectroscopic, and finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of Occlusal Cusp Inclination and Restoration Thickness on the Biomechanical Performance of Lithium Disilicate Molar Endocrowns: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: 3D finite-element study for multi-frequency harmonic shear wave elastography: shear wave speed contrast assessment and experimental verification.
Title: Evaluation of thin-slice finite-element models for 3D cochlear organ of Corti mechanics.
Title: Evaluation of the Effects of Hybrid Prostheses Prepared from Different Materials on Pterygoid and Cancellous - Anchored Posterior Maxillary Implants of Varying Lengths Using Three - Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A hybrid quantitative approach for assessment of geotechnical hazards in rock tunnels using finite element and variation coefficient methods.
Title: Characterising 12 NiTi Reciprocating Systems: An Integrative Laboratorial Analysis of Design, Mechanics, Metallurgy, Fluid Dynamics and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of aging on dermal elastin fiber architecture and skin firmness assessed by finite element modeling.
Title: Evaluating von mises stress distribution and deformation patterns in zygomaticomaxillary complex fractures- a finite element analysis study.
Title: Corrigendum to "Stress Distribution in 5-Unit Fixed Partial Dentures With a Pier Abutment and Rigid and Nonrigid Connectors With Two Different Occlusal Schemes: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis".
Title: Stress Distribution in Peri-implant Bone of Implants Restored with Screw, Cement, and Cement-Screw Retained Crowns Using Three Crown Materials: a Three-dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Exploring the biomechanical mechanisms of cervical rotation manipulation in different lateral bending positions: a finite element analysis.
Title: The influence of proximal femur CT value on stress distribution and stability in intertrochanteric fracture after PFNA fixation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Effect of Unexpected Minor Aligner Circumference Changes on Lower Incisors During Intrusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Impact of Needle-Tip Depth on Cement Leakage in Percutaneous Vertebroplasty: A Clinical and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Evaluating the accuracy of 3D printing and finite element analysis in transcatheter aortic valveimplantation: a comparative study against post-TAVI CT imaging.
Title: CT-Based Finite-Element Analysis of the Optimal Olecranon Osteotomy Angle for Tension Band Wiring.
Title: Scoring Balloon Effects on Coronary Calcified Plaque: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Inverse finite element identification of murine aortic material properties: 
Title: Comparative Analysis of Different Implant Macrogeometry for Improved Esthetics, Inverted Body Shift, and Reverse Neck Collar Implant with Conventional Tapered Implant: A 3D Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Effects of mechanical and electrical stimulation on accelerating greenstick fracture Healing: Insights from finite element analysis and experimental validation.
Title: Effect of Crestal Position on Bone-Implant Stress Interface of Three-Implant Splinted Prostheses: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Evaluation of Highway Pavement Structural Conditions Based on Measured Crack Morphology by 3D GPR and Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Modeling Osmotic Deswelling of Composite Hydrogels with Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Analysing plate fixation of a comminuted fracture of the proximal ulna in relation to the elbow joint: a finite element study.
Title: Assessing the biomechanics of scheuermann's kyphosis affected thoracolumbar spine in forward flexion at the tissue-level using a finite element model.
Title: Effect of different cross sections of polyetheretherketone splinting bars in maxillary All-on-4
Title: Biomechanical effects of medial osteoarthritis progression and UKA on knee lateral compartment using fibril-reinforced biphasic material in finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Platform Switching Effects on Stress Distribution in Posterior Implants Placed in Different Bone Types Under Axial and Oblique Loading Conditions.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress and Displacement Patterns in the Maxillary Dentition During Miniscrew-Assisted en-Masse Retraction Using Variable Gable Bend Angles.
Title: A finite element approach for modelling the fracture behaviour of unidirectional FFF-printed parts.
Title: The mechanical properties of bone filling materials affect the therapeutic effect of vertebroplasty: Biomechanical finite element analysis.
Title: The I-PREDICT 50th Percentile Male Warfighter Finite Element Model: Development and Validation of the Head and Neck.
Title: Finite element analysis of anterior spanning attachment devices for supporting biomechanical stability in diaphyseal femoral periprosthetic fracture fixation.
Title: Charting a finite element, mechanical atlas of dermatologic wound closure.
Title: Biomechanical effects of six internal fixation methods for distal femoral AO/OTA 33C1 fractures: finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution in Canine Lumbar Fractures with Different Pedicle Screw Insertion Angles.
Title: The Integration of Micro-CT Imaging and Finite Element Simulations for Modelling Tooth-Inlay Systems for Mechanical Stress Analysis: A Preliminary Study.
Title: Correction: What is the appropriate axial position in cannulated screw fixation for femoral neck fractures? A finite element analysis.
Title: Initial fixation of metallic wedge-augmented versus angled BIO reverse shoulder arthroplasty techniques: A finite element study.
Title: Double-Axis Maxillary Skeletal Expander Suggests Higher Expansion Efficiency in Early Activation: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of percutaneous cement discoplasty combined with percutaneous vertebroplasty: a finite element analysis.
Title: On Implementation of a Finite Element Visco-Hyperelastic Material Model for Spinal Ligaments in Explicit Time Integration Method With an Infinite Impulse Response Filtering Technique.
Title: Bio-inspired design and finite element analysis of polymer composite microneedles with hollow architecture.
Title: The effect of image reconstruction kernel and density modulus relationship in finite element models of simulated cadaveric acromial loading.
Title: Integrated modeling approach for assessing sustainable concrete incorporating waste glass powder: a finite element and deep learning perspective.
Title: Investigating the Influence of Oxford Unicompartmental Knee Arthroplasty Keel on Sagittal Plane Stresses: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Segmentation and finite element analysis in orthopaedic trauma.
Title: Stress in Immature Incisor Treated With Regenerative Endodontics or Restored With Bulk-Fill Resin Composite: A 2D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Conservation properties of non-conforming embedded finite-element methods based on lagrange multipliers.
Title: Stress-guided determination of screw trajectory for C1 lateral mass fixation: A finite element approach.
Title: Effect of different subtalar joint arthroereisis implants on pediatric flexible flatfoot: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of retroperitoneal 360° anterior lumbar interbody hybrid stabilization constructs for degenerative conditions: A finite element investigation.
Title: Finite element analysis of the seismic performance of wind and rain bridge.
Title: Does spinopelvic alignment affect fixation stability in pelvic ring fractures?: A finite element study.
Title: The Finite Element Analysis of the Impact of Ferrule Height and Post-Core Materials on Stress Distribution in Incisors.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite-Element Study into the Effect of Scar Tissue on the Displacement of the Maxillary Segments by Rapid Palatal Expansion in Unilateral Cleft Lip, Alveolus, and Palate.
Title: 3D finite element models reveal regional fatty infiltration modulates tibialis anterior force generating capacity in FSHD.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Patellofemoral Contact Pressure with Varying Fixation of Transverse Patella Fractures.
Title: Biomechanical effects of orthodontic tooth movement on edentulous alveolar bone: a finite element analysis.
Title: The effect of pore structure on the erosion resistance of air plasma sprayed thermal barrier coatings on finite element simulation.
Title: The Geometric Dependence of Wave Velocity in Carotid Arteries: Phantom and Finite Element Study and Implications for Vascular "Shear Wave" Elastography.
Title: A Novel Finite Element Analysis Aided Multiobjective Shape Optimization Approach for Cementless Femoral Components in Hip Implants.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of In-Out-In pedicle screws for atlantoaxial posterior fixation in the presence of high-riding vertebral artery and narrow C2 pedicles: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical and clinical comparison of different prosthetic in reconstruction following total 
Title: High-frequency irreversible electroporation for gliomas: A feasibility study using patient-specific finite element models.
Title: Development and validation of a subject-specific integrated finite element musculoskeletal model of human trunk with ergonomic and clinical applications.
Title: Comparison of Different Double-Stent Implantation Techniques on Coronary Bifurcation Lesions: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Machine learning-assisted finite element modeling of additively manufactured meta-materials.
Title: Mechanical performance analysis of a 3D printing-based transtibial prosthetic socket against the gait cycle using the finite element method.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Pediatric Dental Crowns: A Comparative Study of Zirconia, Bioflex, and PEEK Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Lumbar stress distribution in sitting posture with considering spinal alignment: A finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of load orientation on finite element strain predictions in a rabbit tibial loading model.
Title: Biomechanical effects of asymmetric backpack shoulder straps on the unilateral flatfoot: a finite element analysis.
Title: Alternative Surgical Technique for the Repair of Meniscus Root Tears Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Innovative Cross-Shaped SRC Column-RC Slab Connection: Experimental Investigation and Finite Element Analysis of Punching Shear Behavior.
Title: Research on Broken Wire Based on a Fine Finite Element Model of Steel Strands.
Title: Effect of Middle Ear Prosthesis Diameter in Platinotomy and Partial Platinectomy on Hearing Gain: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of the Laser Shock Peening Process on 304L Stainless Steel.
Title: Stress Distribution in Interlocking and Blocking Screw Fixation for Distal Tibial Intramedullary Nailing: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Shell Model Reconstruction of Thin-Walled Structures from Point Clouds for Finite Element Modelling of Existing Steel Bridges.
Title: Initial evidence suggests biceps tenodesis location may not significantly affect glenohumeral joint stress or humeral head translation during late cocking and deceleration in throwing: a finite element analysis.
Title: Exploring the effect of cadaver head fixation in bone conduction hearing: Insights from finite element modeling.
Title: Optimizing the Myokinetic Interface: A Finite Element Model to Predict Displacement in Amputated Muscles.
Title: Evaluation of intestinal tissue safety during the compression process of circular end-to-end anastomosis stapler based on finite element simulation.
Title: Influence of pacifier design on pacifier-palate contact: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of digitally constructed titanium, modified polyetheretherketone, and polyetherketoneketone subperiosteal implants on atrophied maxilla: a finite element analysis.
Title: Design and structural deformation assessment of three-dimensional printed dental implants by means of finite element analysis.
Title: Identification of heel pad thickness and visco-hyperelastic properties by finite element analysis and Gaussian process regression.
Title: Investigating Optimal Osteotomy Angles for Kienböck and Preiser Disease Using Finite Element Analysis: Stress Changes in the Lunate and Scaphoid Bones Associated With Closing Radial Wedge Osteotomy.
Title: Finite element analysis of biomechanical effects of continuous versus interval pedicle screw configurations in scoliosis correction and optimization of dual-geometry screw design.
Title: Biomechanical impact of enoxaparin sodium-chitosan-PMMA bone cement in hip arthroplasty: a preliminary finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the transpalatal arch force systems activated in the Burstone geometries with different materials.
Title: Compliant buffer layer achieves native-like cartilage stress in talar prosthesis: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Comparison of Different Frameworks and Implant Angulations in All-On-Four and Six Concepts: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A finite element study of the effect of cross-link stabilisation in a lumbar spine tumour model.
Title: Crack Extension Analysis and Parameter Optimization in Robot-Assisted Cracked Tooth Preparation Process: Finite Element Analysis and Experiment.
Title: Investigating the effects of geometrical parameters of an artificial cervical disc in vulnerable neck positions on the stress distribution in the spine using 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of Stress Distribution and Displacement in the Affected Periodontium of Mandibular Incisors Using Utility Intrusion and Reverse Curve of Spee Arch Wires: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of En Masse Retraction With Integration of Maxillary Anterior Teeth.
Title: A finite element study for tibial fractures: analyze the biomechanical condition of the tibial fracture area to provide guidance for subsequent treatment.
Title: Finite Element Method (FEM) Analysis of Dentoskeletal Changes on Temporary Anchorage Device (TAD)-Assisted Mandibular Advancement.
Title: [Research progress of finite element modeling for clear aligner treatment].
Title: Mechanical behavior of hybrid custom implant abutments with various crown materials: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of maxillary arch distalization using skeletal anchorage at three different application regions.
Title: Evaluating the Influence of Ferrule Preparation on Zirconia Endocrown Efficacy in Primary Molars: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: 3D Printed Guides and Finite Element Analysis in Dental Autotransplantation: Biomechanical Efficiency and Clinical Workflow Optimization.
Title: Biomechanical effects of transforaminal endoscopic lumbar discectomy combined with spinal dynamic stabilization system use on adjacent segments: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effect of cage size in single-level anterior cervical discectomy and fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: The effects of anterior spaces on the intrusion of mandibular incisors with clear aligners in extraction cases: a finite-element analysis.
Title: Thread design optimization of a dental implant using explicit dynamics finite element analysis.
Title: Stress distribution in implant-supported conometric single crown restorations: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element investigation of the intrinsic stiffness contribution of intra-abdominal pressure in a transient spine and trunk model.
Title: Assessing the Influence of Screw Orientation on Fracture Fixation of the Proximal Humerus Using Finite Element Informed Surrogate Modeling.
Title: Plane stress finite element modelling of arbitrary compressible hyperelastic materials.
Title: A finite element analysis of the optimal longitudinal screw trajectory for Sanders II and Sanders III calcaneal fractures fixed with percutaneous screws.
Title: Micro-CT and Finite Element Analysis of Dentin Preservation and Stress Distribution in Mesial Roots of Mandibular Molars after Shaping with Different Tapers.
Title: A comparative finite element study of novel design hook plates for fixation of patella fracture.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of three different fixation methods for treating displaced tibial avulsion fracture of the posterior cruciate ligament: a finite element analysis.
Title: Assessment of the skull fracture prediction capability of finite element head models.
Title: Proposed Reformulation of Brain Injury Criteria (BrIC) Using Head Rotation-Induced Brain Injury Thresholds Simulated and Derived Directly from A Subhuman Primate Finite Element Model.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of teeth displacement patterns under four anchorage designs for maxillary molar distalization using clear aligners: a real-case based simulation study.
Title: A systematic review of biomechanics of clear aligners by finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of conventional, zygomatic, zygomatic bone anchored subperiosteal and maxilla anchored subperiosteal implants applied totally edentulous maxilla: finite element stress analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of clear aligners with different distal coverage designs combined with Class II elastic traction for maxillary first molar distalization: a finite element study.
Title: [Finite element analysis of the correlation between lateral collateral ligament injury of the ankle joint and subtalar articular cartilage injury].
Title: Automated Finite Element Modeling of the Lumbar Spine: A Biomechanical and Clinical Approach to Spinal Load Distribution and Stress Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the modified intramedullary nail-II for managing reverse obliquity trochanteric fractures.
Title: Multi-step finite element simulation for clear aligner space closure: a proof-of-concept compensation protocol.
Title: Posterolateral tibial plateau fracture with anterior cruciate ligament injury has biomechanical characteristics of anterolateral rotatory instability through finite element analysis.
Title: ABAQUS finite element analysis on the mechanical properties of bilayer nanocomposite hydrogels.
Title: Comment on Yang et al.: Stress and strain changes of the anterior cruciate ligament at different knee flexion angles: A three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Effects of a modified margin design, material, and loading type on the stress distribution of endocrowns: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of abutment types on the success of two-unit implant-supported fixed dental prostheses: A three-dimensional finite element analysis and fatigue test combined with microleakage evaluation.
Title: Influence of bone material behavior assumption on finite element-predicted tibia-implant micromotions in total ankle replacement.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Various Connector Designs of Dental Implant Complex: A Numerical Finite Element Study.
Title: A finite element biomechanical investigation of lumbar spine segments through novel intervertebral disc design.
Title: Measurement Performance Improvement of Buried Strain Sensors for Asphalt Pavement Using Mesoscale Finite Element Simulation.
Title: A Surrogate Artificial Neural Network Model for Estimating the Fatigue Life of Steel Components Based on Finite Element Simulations.
Title: Calculating Strain Energy Release Rate, Stress Intensity Factor and Crack Propagation of an FGM Plate by Finite Element Method Based on Energy Methods.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis of a New Dental Implant Design: The Influence of the Diameter, Length, and Material of an Implant on Its Biomechanical Behavior.
Title: Influence of key modeling assumptions on the finite element prediction of dental implant primary stability.
Title: A Sparse Hierarchical 
Title: Finite element analysis-assisted surgical planning and evaluation of flap design in hand surgery.
Title: Immersed finite element method for heat transfer analysis in multi-layered thermal protection systems.
Title: [Modeling and finite element analysis of human trabecular meshwork outflow pathways].
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Biomechanical Assessment: Traditional Bilateral Pedicle Screw System vs. Novel Reverse Transdiscal Screw System for Lumbar Degenerative Disc Disease.
Title: Lateral Cortical Fixation as the Optimal Strategy for Achieving Stability in Rib Fractures: A Patient-Specific Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Model of the Effect of Optic Nerve Sheath Anisotropy on Ocular Loading During Horizontal Duction.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Ocular Impact Forces and Potential Complications in Pickleball-Related Eye Injuries.
Title: In vivo-driven optimization of finite element models' parameters for capturing altered mechanics in patients with Achilles tendinopathy.
Title: Evaluation of the Effects of Diameter, Length, Splinted or Nonsplinted Form, and Crown-to-Implant Ratio on the Stress Distribution Around Extra-Short Implants in the Posterior Mandible: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution on Endodontically Treated Anterior Teeth Restored via Different Ceramic Materials with Varying Post Lengths Versus Endocrown-A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Clinical evaluation and finite element analysis of bone cement-augmented anterolateral screw fixation versus percutaneous bilateral pedicle screw fixation co-applied with oblique lumbar interbody fusion for single-level lumbar degenerative diseases with osteoporosis.
Title: Predicting anterior tibial translations in pediatric ACL-deficient knees with finite element knee models.
Title: Finite element analysis of percutaneous uniplanar screw fixation in the treatment of thoracolumbar fractures.
Title: Comparative biomechanical analysis of Endo-LOVE and C-endo LFD techniques for bi-segmental cervical spondylotic radiculopathy in normal and osteoporotic patients: a finite element study.
Title: Selective and controllable mechanism of the temperature field in skin tissue under radiofrequency heating: finite element analysis and ex-vivo pig skin experiments.
Title: Effects of K-wire diameter and insertion angle on femoral bone medial closing-wedge osteotomies: a finite element study.
Title: Constitutive modelling of the axon and matrix: A finite element and neural network approach.
Title: Stress Distribution on Mucosa Soft Tissue of Alveolar Ridge at the Dislocation of BPS: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution in Various Sizes Internal Root Resorption Cavities Filled With Different Materials.
Title: Finite element analysis of femoral stress and deformation during progressive squat postures.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress distribution in sagittal split Ramus osteotomy: the influence of impacted third molars.
Title: Corrigendum to "The optimal size of screw for using cement-screw technique to repair tibial defect in total knee arthroplasty: A finite element analysis" [Heliyon Volume 
Title: Optimum design of a biodegradable implant for femoral shaft fracture fixation using finite element method.
Title: Interior vibro-acoustic modeling and modal analysis of coupled panel-cavity systems using wavelet finite-element approach.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Angled Abutments in the Anterior Maxilla: Impact of Bone Quality and Loading Conditions Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Correction to "Enhanced Biomechanical Stability in Proximal Humeral Fractures: Finite Element Analysis of a Novel Endosteal Anatomical Support Nail for Improved Fixation in Elderly Patients".
Title: The effect of lateral hinge fracture with hinge hole and protective K-wire for medial opening-wedge high tibial osteotomy by compression testing and finite element analysis.
Title: A finite element simulation study on the superficial collagen fibril network of knee cartilage under cyclic loading: Effects of fibril crosslink densities.
Title: A novel three-dimensional proximal femoral intramedullary nail (TD-PFIN) system with better biomechanical advantages: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Biomechanical stability and stress distribution before talus prosthesis design: effects of ligament removal and cartilage overlay thickness using finite element analysis.
Title: The role of shear micromotion on bone ingrowth into a three-dimensional porous scaffold predicted by a mechanoregulatary finite element model.
Title: Prediction of heterotopic ossification on the cervical spine with offset of the artificial disc - A finite element study.
Title: 3D finite element simulation of continuous system for cells and bacteria separation using a combination of I-shaped deterministic lateral displacement arrays and acoustophoresis based on tilted-angle standing surface acoustic wave.
Title: Finite element modeling of asymmetric expansion using ATOZTM expander.
Title: Evaluation of screw pull-out from plate fixation of en bloc distal radius resection with ulnar reconstruction: Finite element analysis and comparison with experiments on Thiel cadavers.
Title: Advanced Finite Element Analysis Process for Accurate Cured Tire Shape Forecasting.
Title: Research on Energy Management in Forward Extrusion Processes Based on Experiment and Finite Element Method Application.
Title: Effect of tibial rotational alignment and posterior slope on joint biomechanics in posterior-stabilized total knee arthroplasty: a finite element study.
Title: Automated generation of implant-supported bar attachment system for patient-specific edentulous mandible: parametric modelling and finite element analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution Pattern in Class I Cavities Restored by Different Techniques According to the Stress Reducing Direct Composite Concept: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Evaluation of a newly developed hybrid brace for scoliosis: Usability tests and subject-specific finite element analysis.
Title: The mechanical effect of aligner's thickness and material properties in invisible orthodontics: A quantitative finite element study.
Title: Evaluation of the stress after marginal mandibular resection with and without plates in different residual bone heights: A 3D Finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element and thermal analysis of porous Ti-6Al-4V Scaffold dental implant prosthetics with a dense central core an investigation of the influence of porosity size on implants.
Title: Mechanical Effects of Wrist Position at the Wrist Joint: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The effect of different degrees of visible trephine-based foraminoplasty in PETD surgery on lumbar biomechanics: a finite element analysis.
Title: Determining modulus of elasticity using finite element analysis and non-destructive testing: Are aquatic animal whiskers stiffer?
Title: Stress distribution of restorations in external cervical root resorption under occlusal and traumatic loads: a finite element analysis.
Title: The effect of corneal cap thickness on postoperative morphology in small incision lenticule extraction by finite element model.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of posterior, transforaminal, extreme, oblique, and anterior lumbar interbody fusion surgical models: a finite element study.
Title: Comparison of measured and finite element-based diffraction correction (FEDC) for ultrasonic measurement systems in a gaseous medium.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Interstitial-Lymphatic Fluid Flow and Nanodrug Transport in a Solid Tumor: An Intratumoral Injection Approach.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of femoral neck system versus non-sliding fixation in the treatment of young patients with Pauwels type III femoral neck fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of a novel triangular fixation stem and a conventional fixation stem in a model of a prosthesis for ultrashort residual proximal femur reconstruction: a finite element analysis study.
Title: The relationship between maxillofacial morphology and biomechanical environment in the TMJ during central clenching: A measurement and finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of different lengths of INTERTAN in the treatment of AO31A2.3 fractures: A finite element study.
Title: Finite element biomechanical evaluation of internal fixation methods for metacarpal shaft fractures under multiple factors.
Title: High-Fidelity Finite Element Modeling Technique to Improve Sensitivity to Bone Tissue Changes of Older Adults with Obesity undergoing Intensive Lifestyle Intervention.
Title: Biomechanics characterization of an implantable ultrathin intracortical electrode through finite element method.
Title: Finite element analysis for LCP plates.
Title: Exploring the impact of mechanical stimuli on growth plate morphology and trabecular adaptation: A finite element approach.
Title: Regional bone density patterns of the tibial plateau: implications for finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of occlusal stress in cervical dentin: effects of thickness and cross-section.
Title: Axisymmetric adaptive upper-bound finite element limit analysis formulation based on second-order cone programming for bearing capacity of circular footing.
Title: Optimizing mandibular second molar mesialization: A comparative analysis of stress distribution and displacement using tie-back and temporary skeletal anchorage device-assisted mechanisms with a nonlinear finite element model.
Title: A novel nail-plate construct for the treatment of AO/OTA 31-A3.3 intertrochanteric fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: A Systematic Review of Finite Element Analysis in Running Footwear Biomechanics: Insights for Running-Related Musculoskeletal Injuries.
Title: Comparison of Effectiveness of 2 mm Thick Mouthguard on Primary Central Incisor with and without Strip Crown Restoration: A Three-dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparative analysis of occlusal stresses on bone around natural teeth, platform matched and switched implants abutments: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of the human mandible: a systematic review with meta-analysis of the essential input parameters.
Title: Finite element fracture load analysis and dark-field X-ray imaging of osteoporotic and healthy vertebrae in human lumbar spine specimens.
Title: Geostress in the Ordovician system of the northern segment of the Shunbei No. 4 fault zone based on finite element simulation.
Title: Optimisation of Intervertebral Disc Mechanical Properties and the Impact of Vertebral Alignment in Subject-Specific Finite Element Models.
Title: Finite element analysis of asymmetrical retinal hemorrhages in shaken baby syndrome.
Title: Evaluation of Stress in the Maxillary Complex of a Unilateral Cleft Lip and Palate on Simulated Occlusal Loading Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparison of screw and plate osteosynthesis in advancement genioplasty: a finite element analysis study.
Title: How to adaptively balance 'classic' or 'conservative' approaches in tooth defect management: a 3D-finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite element analysis of SED and facial morphology.
Title: Fractal charge distribution on closed surfaces generated by finite element triangles.
Title: Finite element modeling of Rb-
Title: Development of a subject-specific finite element analysis workflow to assess local biomechanics during segmental bone defect healing.
Title: Finite element analysis of pedicle screw fixation biomechanics and adjacent segment degeneration in varied bone conditions.
Title: Evaluation of the effect of stem alignment on femoral mechanical stress using simulation models of cemented total hip arthroplasty: A finite element study.
Title: Risk of Distal Femur Fracture in Antegrade Intramedullary Nail Fixation of Proximal Femur Fractures: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Biomechanical analysis on mandibular anterior teeth during unilateral mandibular molar Protraction with different movement patterns: a finite element analysis.
Title: Upper incisal torque movement with clear aligners: A three‑dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: OT Bridge prosthetic system with different number of screws in all on six maxillary prosthesis: finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modeling framework for evaluating the efficacy of protective plates in minimizing organ and tissue damage resulting from a blast wave impact.
Title: Mathematical Modeling and Finite Element Simulation of the M8514-P2 Composite Piezoelectric Transducer for Energy Harvesting.
Title: Magnetic Characteristics of FeSiB Cores in Motors Revealed by Experiment and Finite-Element Simulation.
Title: Stress Behaviour of an Immature Maxillary Central Incisor: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effects of Pore Defects on Stress Concentration of Laser Melting Deposition-Manufactured AlSi10Mg via Crystal Plasticity Finite Element Method.
Title: Characterising Through-Thickness Shear Anisotropy Using the Double-Bridge Shear Test and Finite Element Model Updating.
Title: Engagement and Stress Concentration Evaluation of a Novel Two-Part Compression Screw: A Preliminary Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Rheumatoid Arthritis of the Hand and the Design of Orthotics: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress distribution in unilateral distal extension partial dentures: a comparison of four attachment designs.
Title: Comprehensive Impact of Multiplanar Malalignment on Prosthetic Mechanics Under Gait Loading After Total Knee Arthroplasty-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A comparison of different fixation methods involving transarticular pins and locking plates for shoulder arthrodesis in dogs using finite element analysis.
Title: Topologically Optimized Anthropomorphic Prosthetic Limb: Finite Element Analysis and Mechanical Evaluation Using Plantogram-Derived Foot Pressure Data.
Title: Investigation of the stresses on pterygoid and zygomatic implants used in atrophic maxilla rehabilitation by finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of Mechanical Stress on Implants in Anterior Single and Double Screw Fixation of Odontoid Fractures in a Finite Element Model.
Title: Effects of different corticotomy approaches on anterior retraction with clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: How different scenarios of a maxillary central incisor with endodontic microsurgery, fiber post, and periodontal loss affect biomechanical behavior: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Optimal parameters and Biomechanical analysis of the lightbulb technique for osteonecrosis of the femoral head: a finite element analysis.
Title: On an objective, geometrically exact coupling element for a director-based multi-body finite element framework.
Title: Development of Novel Mandibular Advancement Device for Obstructive Sleep Apnea: Analysing Force Distribution and Deformation Through Finite Element Study.
Title: Effects of torque overcorrection on mandibular incisor intrusion using clear aligners in the first premolar non-extraction and extraction conditions: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Influence of Patellar Implant Shape on Patellofemoral Contact Pressure Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Intelligent anatomic design of porous radial head prosthesis and microscopic-macro biomechanical finite element analysis in the long-term after replacement surgery.
Title: Finite element analysis of vaginal tape at different positions for the treatment of arcus tendineus fascia pelvis damage-induced stress urinary incontinence.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of multiple zero-profile systems in anterior cervical discectomy and fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of multiple hook heights and positions during en masse maxillary distalization using infrazygomatic crest miniscrew- single and double points of force application: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Title of the study: finite element analysis of five internal fixation modalities for Schatzker type IV‒C tibial plateau fractures.
Title: Integration of finite element simulations with 3D printing technology for personalized Chitin/PLA microneedle-based drug delivery systems in thoracic keloid treatment.
Title: Assessment of Corneal Endothelial Barrier Function Based on "Y-Junctions": A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of oblique lateral interbody fusion with various fixation methods for degenerative lumbar scoliosis: a finite element analysis considering different bone densities.
Title: Comparative evaluation of four traction scenarios on a labially impacted dilacerated maxillary central incisor: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Designing tunable carbon nanotube-based nanomechanical biosensor for SARS-CoV-2 detection: A stochastic finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Behavior of Different Distributions of Zygoma and Pterygoid Implants in Rehabilitation of Severely Atrophic Posterior Maxilla: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Feasibility of non-invasive measurement of cardiac biomarkers using mid-infrared spectroscopy: finite element analysis and experimental validation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution in Pediatric Zirconia Crowns Luted With Four Different Cements.
Title: Finite element method of subperiosteal implants: a systematic review on biomechanical performance and stress distribution.
Title: Biomechanics of horizontal meniscus tear and healing during knee flexion: Finite element analysis.
Title: Prognostic assessment of osteolytic lesions and mechanical properties of bones bearing breast cancer using neural network and finite element analysis
Title: A systematic review of biomechanical studies utilising finite element analysis in hallux valgus deformity.
Title: Challenges and perspectives in using finite element modeling to advance 3D bioprinting.
Title: Finite element analysis of long SI screws in the treatment of vertically unstable bilateral sacral fractures.
Title: A quantitative review of finite element-based biomechanics of lumbar decompression surgery.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of stress distribution changes in the maxillomandibular complex following surgical correction for facial asymmetry with reverse occlusal cant: A pilot finite element study.
Title: A Comparison of Generic and Subject-Specific Finite Element Models of Distal Femur Fractures Treated With Locking Plates.
Title: Safety evaluation after LASIK surgery based on the linear creep property: a finite element analysis.
Title: Impact of Margin Type and Material Choice on Stress Distribution in Endocrown Restorations: A 3D Finite Element Study.
Title: Evaluation of internal fixation stability of distal humerus C-type fractures based on musculoskeletal dynamics: finite element analysis under dynamic loading.
Title: Effect of surgical devices on the biomechanical characteristics of multi-segment implants in anterior cervical discectomy and Fusion: A finite element study.
Title: Comparison of Subperiosteal Implant Designs Applied to Atrophic and Edentulous Mandible Under Traumatic Forces: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of three cannulated compression screws combined with an obstructing screw on the biomechanical performance of pauwels type III femoral neck fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical properties of off-axis screw in the treatment of vertical femoral neck fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Importance of Neck Boundary Condition and Posture on Cervical Spine Response Assessed using a Detailed Finite Element Human Model in a Head-First Impact.
Title: The effects of palatal anchorage device on molar distalization with clear aligner: Three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of maxillary molar distalization using clear aligners during the mixed dentition and early permanent dentition with 3 types of Class II traction: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical performance evaluation of S
Title: [Finite element analysis of adding one transverse screw for Pauwels type 
Title: Influence of the magnitude and orientation of forces on the odontoid fracture: A finite element model analyses.
Title: Truss structure optimization of heavy-duty escalators via finite element analysis.
Title: Analytical and Finite Element Solution for Functionally Graded Pressure Vessels Subjected to Finite Strain Coupled Axial and Torsional Deformations.
Title: Finite Element Simulation and Optimization of Process Parameters for Titanium Chip Crusher.
Title: Untapped Potential of Recycled Thermoplastic Blends in UD Composites via Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Focal comparison of experimental and finite element derived strain fields in a 3D IVUS-based computational model of vascular tissue under loading.
Title: Biomechanical effects of different initial posterior inclinations during extraction space closure with clear aligners: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of neck sports injury based on a whole cervical spine model with muscles.
Title: The effect of canine lingual attachments during maxillary arch distalization with clear aligner: a 4D finite element analysis and in vitro simulator study.
Title: Mechanobiochemical finite element model to analyze impact-loading-induced cell damage, subsequent proteoglycan loss, and anti-oxidative treatment effects in articular cartilage.
Title: Acromion and scapular spine fractures in reverse total shoulder arthroplasty: an extended finite element model study.
Title: Finite element analysis of welded titanium bar and poly ether ether ketone bar in maxillary full arch splinted interim prosthesis.
Title: Influence of Soffit Preservation on Root Stress Distribution in Mandibular Molars: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Seismic performance analysis of braced steel structures based on vibration experiments and finite element simulation.
Title: Evaluating the support and associated strain distribution in unilateral obturator with different designs: An experimental and finite element study.
Title: Comparison of the effects of maxillary expansion applying rapid maxillary expanders or clear aligners in mixed dentition : A 3D finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of primary stability in cementless tibial components with varying interference fits.
Title: Preliminary exploration of finite element biomechanical preoperative planning for complex tibial plateau fractures.
Title: Low-Cycle Fatigue Life Prediction of Titanium-Based Intermetallic Alloys Using Machine Learning and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Some Peculiarities of Using the Extended Finite Element Method in Modelling the Damage Behaviour of Fibre-Reinforced Composites.
Title: A Comparative Study on the Finite Element Analysis of Multilayered Honeycomb Composite Materials for Aerospace Structures.
Title: Prediction of bone ingrowth into the porous swelling bone anchors using an osteoconnectivity-based adaptive finite element algorithm.
Title: Finite Element Approximation of Lyapunov Equations Related to Parabolic Stochastic PDEs.
Title: A parametric finite element model of leg campaniform sensilla in 
Title: Biomechanical comparison of three tibial tunnel positions for PCL reconstruction: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element simulation of bacterial self-healing in concrete using microstructural transport and precipitation modeling.
Title: A review on finite element modelling of finger and hand mechanical behaviour in haptic interactions.
Title: Pressure Between Residual Limb and Transtibial Prosthesis Socket Considering Muscle Contraction: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Stress distribution during orthodontic maxillary canine retraction using 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Case analysis and finite element analysis of adult head skull fractures in people run over by motor vehicles.
Title: Biomechanical effects of periodontal status on molar sequential distalization with clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: Strain shielding effect analysis of solid and porous Ti-6Al-4V alloy implanted femur bone using finite element analysis.
Title: Optimization of endocrown design parameters for mandibular second molars: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Validation and application of a finite element model simulating failure thresholds of skin during blunt puncture with varying impactor geometries.
Title: Osteosynthesis of an extra-articular distal radius fracture using a palmar locking plate with 4 epiphyseal screws (Gold Standard) versus 2 epiphyseal screws: Finite element analysis.
Title: The Effect of Stress Distribution by Fiberglass Post System With Different Designs on Endodontically Treated Maxillary Central Incisors: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of osseous defect on periodontal ligament stress under normal masticatory force: A three-dimensional finite element analysis of mandibular second molar.
Title: Optimal design of the retainer and connector for a lithium disilicate resin-bonded fixed partial denture: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Evaluation of treatment options for atrophic mandible under trauma forces: a 3D finite element analysis treatment options for atrophic mandible under trauma forces.
Title: What is the appropriate axial position in cannulated screw fixation for femoral neck fractures? A finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of miniscrew-assisted maxillary expansion in the treatment of unilateral maxillary constriction: A finite element study.
Title: A novel Z-shaped anti-rotation rod for atlantoaxial dislocation reduction: finite element analysis.
Title: The investigation of opening modes of head and neck thermoplastic mask for radiotherapy based on finite element analysis.
Title: Simplified method for estimating settlement of disconnected piled raft foundations based on a finite element approach using interaction factors.
Title: Stress Evaluation in Endodontically Treated Virtual Teeth Restored with Composite Fillings and Cast or Fiberglass Posts-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: [Biomechanical finite element analysis of American Chiropractic intervention on the third lumbar transverse process syndrome based on imaging].
Title: Dynamic simulation of knee joint mechanics: individualized multi-moment finite element modelling of patellar tendon stress during landing.
Title: Advanced Prediction and Analysis of Delamination Failure in Graphite-Reinforced Epoxy Composites Using VCCT-Based Finite Element Modelling Techniques.
Title: Level-Set field re-initialization: A computational model with finite element method on complicated domains.
Title: Towards the development of reliable finite element models of Ti6Al4V trabecular structures fabricated via laser powder bed fusion for biomedical applications.
Title: Unveiled stress dynamics: the role of post length and repair materials in perforated tooth models: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite element analysis of mandibular fracture fixation authenticated by 3D printed mandible mechanical testing.
Title: Finite element analyses, 3D-printed guides and navigation system optimizes fragment reorientation for periacetabular osteotomy.
Title: Evaluation of Load and Stress Distribution for a Novel Design of Maxillary Protraction Facemask by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Biomechanical Evaluation of a Novel Interspinous Process Device: In Vitro Flexibility Assessment and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Biomechanical Effects on Periodontal Ligaments During Maxillary Arch Expansion with Thermoformed Aligners.
Title: Evaluation of Biomechanical Effects of Mandible Arch Types in All-on-4 and All-on-5 Dental Implant Design: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Fracture Resistance of Provisional Crowns: A Finite Element Analysis of a Semi-Permanent Resin-A Pilot Study.
Title: [Finite element simulation of distally moving mandibular molars by sequence with clear aligner].
Title: Early Detection and Analysis of Cavity Defects in Concrete Columns Based on Infrared Thermography and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Implant Stability Quotient (ISQ) and Bone Stresses for Implant Inclinations of 0°, 15°, and 20°.
Title: Computationally Efficient 
Title: Role of interproximal contacts in implant-supported crown stability: A finite element analysis study.
Title: A three-dimensional finite element analysis study on the impact of different prosthetic designs and materials for short-crowned molars with distal subgingival defects.
Title: Antegrade versus retrograde elastic stable intramedullary nail in treating different types of distal femoral fracture: A finite element study.
Title: The biomechanical injury calculator: a postprocessor software for a finite element human body model.
Title: Biomechanical Assessment of Maxillary Expansion in a Patient With Unilateral Cleft lip and Palate Through 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effects of new assembled titanium mesh cage on the improvement in biomechanical performance of single-level anterior cervical corpectomy and fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Deep learning-aided segmentation combined with finite element analysis reveals a more natural biomechanic of dinosaur fossil.
Title: Finite element study of the efficacy of three different loops for bodily protraction of the mandibular molar.
Title: Evaluation of Various Methods of Lunotriquetral Stabilization Surgical Producers, A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Parameters determination methods and project validation of hardening soil model with small strain stiffness based on finite element method.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of maxillary first molar intrusion using 3D printed personalized device combined with clear aligner: a finite element study and clinical application.
Title: Surgical factors that contribute to tibial periprosthetic fracture after cementless Oxford Unicompartmental Knee Replacement: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of magnesium bioresorbable and titanium lag screws for mandibular symphysis fracture fixation: A finite element analysis.
Title: Corroboration in vivo mechanical strain distribution in soft tissues for pressure ulcer prevention: A comparative analysis between a simplified finite element analysis and experimental strain fields.
Title: Comparing the predictions of CT-based subject-specific finite element models of human metastatic vertebrae with digital volume correlation measurements.
Title: A clinical study on the application of three-dimensionally printed splints combined with finite element analysis in paediatric distal radius fractures.
Title: Finite element analysis and clinical evaluation of cross locking external fixator configuration for distal third tibia fracture.
Title: [Finite Element Simulation Analysis of a Nickel-Titanium Alloy Patent Foramen Ovale Occluder].
Title: Comparison of two subperiosteal implant designs in total maxillectomy: A 3-D finite element analysis.
Title: Development of a personalized parametric finite element model of the knee: Evaluation of geometric variables affecting osteoarthritis progression.
Title: Comparative Analysis of Various Cavosurface Margins in Class II Restorations Using 3D Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite element model and experimental validation of a solitary wave-based tonometer.
Title: Effect of cage surface geometry on load transfer and ranges of motion in a fused lumbar spine model: A comparative finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Abdominal Near-Infrared Spectroscopy for Infant Splanchnic Oximetry.
Title: Corrigendum for "Radiofrequency ablation with four electrodes as a building block for matrix radiofrequency ablation: Ex vivo liver experiments and finite element method modelling. Influence of electric and activation mode on coagulation size and geometry" by Stefaan Mulier, Ricardo Possebon, Yansheng Jiang, Jacques Jamart, Chong Wang, Yi Miao, Tongfu Yu, Kuirong Jiang, Yuanbo Feng, Guy Marchal, Luc Michel, Yicheng Ni, published in [Surgical Oncol. 33 (2020) 145-157].
Title: Stress distribution by parafunctional loading on tooth-implant, implant-implant, and tooth-tooth-supported prosthesis: A comparative three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: A finite element study of the biomechanics of aging osteocyte model.
Title: Advantages of Combined Use of Claw Hooks and Sublaminar Wires as the Upper Foundation of Long Fixation from the Thoracic Spine to the Pelvis in Osteoporotic Cases: A Finite Element Analysis of Proximal Junction Stress.
Title: [Finite-element simulation of solar radiation impact on corpse's cooling].
Title: Which Activity Might Cause the Most Wear of Total Knee Prostheses During Daily Living? A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Should the load-to-fracture test for CAD/CAM monolithic molar crowns be standardized and how? A systematic review and finite element analysis.
Title: The Influence of Cup Orientation on the Primary Fixation of a Hemispherical Cementless Acetabular Cup: A Cohort Based Finite Element Study.
Title: Functional morphology of trabecular system in human proximal femur: a perspective from P45 sectional plastination and 3D reconstruction finite element analysis.
Title: Impact of asymmetric L4-L5 facet joint degeneration on lumbar spine biomechanics using a finite element approach.
Title: Predicting overloading plate failure using specimen-specific finite element models combined with implantable sensors.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of digital wire loop space maintainers for missing deciduous teeth].
Title: Mechanical and Thermal Behavior of Hemp-Reinforced Starch/Agar Biocomposites: Insights from Finite Element Simulation and Machine Learning Models.
Title: Loading Pressure Induced by 4 mm Implants on the Inferior Alveolar Nerve: A 3D Finite Element Analysis Model.
Title: Effectiveness of the implant stabilizing plate on the stress distribution around the implant placed immediately after maxillary sinus lifting: A finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of the biomechanical effects of manipulation of lower limb hyperextension on the sacroiliac joint.
Title: Comparison of biomechanics between two different external fixation methods in the treatment of A1b tibial fractures based on finite element analysis.
Title: A Neural Network Finite Element Trileaflet Heart Valve Model Incorporating Multi-Body Contact.
Title: Biomechanical assessment of zygomatic implants in clinical rehabilitation scenarios: A finite element and fatigue analysis.
Title: The utility of additively manufactured β-Ti latticed hip implants in reducing femoral stress shielding: A finite element study.
Title: Stress distribution on the components of multi-unit abutment with different angulation under lateral force: a finite element analysis.
Title: Correction to: Stress distribution in the closure of anterior maxillary diastemas using different restorative approaches: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of the effect of reverse curved spee Ni-Ti wires with different depths in MBT and Roth brackets on mandibular teeth during leveling and alignment using finite element analysis.
Title: Iceball growth 3D simulation model based on finite element method for hepatic cryoablation planning.
Title: Craniocaudal cyclic load improves risk assessment of lumbar pedicle screw loosening: finite element analysis based on computer tomography.
Title: Effects of temperature and confinement mechanisms on the deformation of selective laser melting 3D printed SS316 using finite element analysis.
Title: Parametric cushioning lattice insole based on finite element method and machine learning: A preliminary computational analysis.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of fibula fracture fixation using the Stryker VariAx 2 system: A finite element analysis of lower limb load distribution.
Title: Postoperative Variations in Shoulder Biomechanics and Kinematics in the Abduction and External Rotation Position After Remplissage With Bankart Repair for Anterior Glenohumeral Instability: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Posterior Border Osteosynthesis for Fractures of Mandibular Condyle: A Case Series with Finite Element Model Corroboration.
Title: Optimizing structural integrity of a pressure vessel via finite element analysis and machine learning based XGBoost approaches.
Title: Effects of clear aligner edentulous space design on distal canine movement: An iterative finite element analysis in cases involving extraction.
Title: Blinded prediction of custom-made pelvic implant failure using patient-specific finite element modeling.
Title: Effect of uncertainties in musculoskeletal modeling inputs on sensitivity of knee joint finite element simulations.
Title: Relationship Between the Elastic Modulus of the Novel Pedicle Screw-Plate System and Biomechanical Properties Under Osteoporotic Condition: A Power-Law Regression Analysis Based on Parametric Finite Element Simulations.
Title: To investigate the effect of neck-shaft angle in surgical hip dislocation combined with femoral neck rotational osteotomy in the treatment of osteonecrosis of the femoral head and to combine with finite element analysis.
Title: Development and Finite Element Analysis of a Patient-Specific Implant for Atlantoaxial Joint Stabilization via Dorsal Approach in Dogs.
Title: Comparative Analysis of Three Vertebral Screw Placement Directions in Anterior Thoracolumbar Fracture Surgery: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Additional Screw Added to the Femoral Neck System Could Enhance the Stability of Pauwel Type III Femoral Neck Fractures: a Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of screw loosening after lumbar PEEK rod and titanium rod fixation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis safety of tibial cortex transverse transport.
Title: Proximal fibular osteotomy definitively ameliorates medial compartment knee osteoarthritis: A finite element analysis.
Title: Integrating finite element analysis and physics-informed neural networks for biomechanical modeling of the human lumbar spine.
Title: Finite element analysis of corn kernel damage: a viscoelastic model approach for impact-induced damage prediction.
Title: Evaluation of stress distribution of masticatory forces on Zirconia, Bioflx, and Graphene crown in primary mandibular molars using finite element analysis.
Title: Stress distribution in zirconia-reinforced glass ionomer restorations in molar incisor hypomineralization: A finite element analysis.
Title: Structural response of mandibular first molars in the presence of proximal contacts: finite element analysis with antagonist teeth and alternative loading applications.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Effects of Different Shapes of Adult Cranial Sutures on Their Mechanical Behavior.
Title: Sensitivity of Lumbar Total Joint Replacement Contact Stresses Under Misalignment Conditions-Finite Element Analysis of a Spine Wear Simulator.
Title: Numerical Evaluation of Abdominal Aortic Aneurysms Utilizing Finite Element Method.
Title: A novel external fixation for treating tibial fractures: a finite element and biomechanical study.
Title: Finite element analysis of the stability of tibiofibular fractures treated with various combinations of external fixators.
Title: Gender differences in L1 vertebral strength in adults 50+ using automated CT-based finite element analysis.
Title: A comparative study on the efficacy of two different types of intracranial stent retrievers based on finite element simulation.
Title: Comparison of stress distribution and displacement pattern of maxillary expansion in craniomaxillary complex using rapid maxillary expander and maxillary skeletal expander: A finite element model analysis.
Title: Quantitative assessment of pericervical dentin in mandibular second primary molars through stress distribution analysis: A finite element study.
Title: Effects of different reduction patterns on stress distribution in patients with intertrochanteric fractures with intramedullary nail fixation: a finite element analysis.
Title: The Influence of the Periodontal Breakdown over the Amount of Orthodontic Force Reaching the Dental Pulp and NVB During Orthodontic Movements-A Biomechanical Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Role of Additional Screws and Rod Fixation in Cage Loading During Oblique Lateral Interbody Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Soft-Pad Moldless Stamping of Bistable Circular Micro Shells.
Title: Two-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis and Cutting Force Model for the Cutting of Circular Steel Bars Using Negative Rake Angle Cutters: Accounting for Chip Accumulation Effects.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Hot Rolling for Large-Scale AISI 430 Ferritic Stainless-Steel Slabs Using Industrial Rolling Schedules-Part 2: Simulation of the Roughing Stage and Comparison with Experimental Results.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of a 3D-Printed Acetabular Prosthesis for an Acetabular Defect According to the Paprosky Classification.
Title: Effectiveness Analysis of the Non-Standard Reinforcement of Lattice Tower Legs Using the Component-Based Finite Element Method.
Title: Characteristic Evaluation and Finite Element Analysis of a New Glass Fiber Post Based on Bio-Derived Polybenzoxazine.
Title: An Active Insole to Reduce Plantar Pressure Loading: Using Predictive Finite Element Driven Soft Hydraulic Actuators to Minimize Plantar Pressure and the Pressure Time Integral for Diabetic Foot Ulceration Risk Management.
Title: In Pursuit of Quantifying Patient Knee Contact Mechanics: Finite Element Model Validation of Cadaveric Knees in Axially Loaded MRI Scans.
Title: Biomechanical effects of LCWHTO vs. MOWHTO on medial meniscus posterior root repair: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of shape and thickness variations in patient-specific implants for t-shaped genioplasty.
Title: Custom design of a temporomandibular joint prosthesis: A kinematic approach evaluated by finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluating femoral head collapse risk post-fixation removal: a finite element analysis.
Title: 
Title: Influence of different implant designs on stress distributions in all-on-four concept: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of Stress Distribution Pattern between Modified and Conventional Mouthguard on Maxillary Jaw when Standardized Forces are Applied Horizontally in a 14-year-old Child: A Three-dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of attachment position and torque overcorrection on arch expansion in clear aligner treatment: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Development of a Semi-automatic Finite Element Modeling Workflow for the Evaluation of Cranial Suture-Bone Complex Temporal Strain Evolution During Growth.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Cervical Interbody Fusion Cages for Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion With Variations in Morphology: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Dual tension band technique for patellar fractures involving articular surface and inferior pole: a retrospective cohort study and finite element analysis.
Title: The biomechanical study of different fixation techniques for combination fractures of atlas and axis: a finite element analysis.
Title: Robot milling system integrated design and finite element analysis of custom femoral prostheses.
Title: [Finite element analysis of impact of bone mass and volume in low-density zone beneath tibial plateau on cartilage and meniscus in knee joint].
Title: Finite element analysis of double diamond lattice structured lumbar interbody fusion cage with different biomaterials.
Title: Comparative analysis of orthopaedic scaffold fixation methods - a finite element study.
Title: The I-PREDICT 50th Percentile Male Finite Element Model: Development and Validation of the Torso.
Title: Finite element simulation of photothermal-mechanical response of skin tissue induced by the non-ablative fractional laser irradiation.
Title: Finite element analysis of the lens profile during accommodation.
Title: Biomechanical influence of numerical variants of lumbosacral transitional vertebra with Castellvi type I on adjacent discs and facet joints based on 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution and Tooth Displacement Analysis of Maxillary Molar Distalization by Different Designs of Jig in a Finite Element Study.
Title: Advanced development of finite element analysis for electrochemical catalytic reactions.
Title: Changing rod stiffness to moderate stress of adjacent disc in oblique lumbar interbody fusion - a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the Femoral neck system for different placement positions in the fixation of Pauwels type Ⅲ femoral neck fractures.
Title: Mode of failure and finite element analysis of custom-made PEEK post-core (milled and pressed).
Title: DXA-based 3D finite element models predict hip fractures better than areal BMD in elderly women.
Title: The influence of microplate spacing on mandibular ramus fracture fixation stability: a biomechanical finite element analysis.
Title: Ultimate bearing capacity of embedded strip footings on rock slopes under inclined loading conditions using adaptive finite element limit analysis.
Title: Construction of a beeswax-based olive oil bigels system encapusulation of β-carotene by xanthan gum/gellan gum/inulin and evaluation of extrusion spreading performance using finite element Abaqus simulations.
Title: Rings in Taylor Spatial Frame: Mechanical testing and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of various fixation patterns in mandible bone fracture.
Title: Prediction of Grain Structure and Texture in Twin-Roll Cast Aluminum Alloys Using Cellular Automaton-Finite Element Method.
Title: On the Prediction and Optimisation of Processing Parameters in Directed Energy Deposition of SS316L via Finite Element Simulation and Machine Learning.
Title: Finite element analysis (FEA) of the stress behavior of some dental materials.
Title: Finite element analysis of retrograde superior ramus screw of pubis for the treament of pelvic anterior ring fracture.
Title: Analyzing corneal biomechanical response in orthokeratology with differing back optic zone diameter: A comparative finite element study.
Title: Patient-specific coronary angioplasty simulations - A mixed-dimensional finite element modeling approach.
Title: Surface-based versus voxel-based finite element head models: comparative analyses of strain responses.
Title: Rolling of stimuli-bent cylindrical robots using contact finite element simulations.
Title: Revealing the Effects of Tympanic Membrane Implant Mechanical Properties on High-Frequency Hearing Loss After Clinical Myringoplasty: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical assessment of unilateral/bilateral lumbar spondylolysis with and without muscle weakness using finite element analysis.
Title: 3D DC geoelectric resistivity modeling with the singularity removal technique using finite element method based on orthosceme element.
Title: Role of Pterygomaxillary Junction Morphology in Surgically Assisted Rapid Palatal Expansion: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Evaluation of Displacement with Rapid Maxillary Expansion, Miniscrew-Assisted Rapid Maxillary Expansion, and Miniscrew-Assisted Rapid Maxillary Expansion Combined with Micro-Osteoperforations: A Comparative Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The effects of clinical crown length on the sagittal movement of maxillary central incisor in clear aligner treatment: a finite element exploration.
Title: Finite element analysis of a new alveolar bone splitting technique in the mandibular posterior region.
Title: Development of a Detailed Finite Element Model of the BIPED MK2 and Verification of Fidelity in Two Cases of Blunt Impact.
Title: Enhancing assistive technology design: Biomechanical finite element modeling for grasping strategy optimization in exoskeleton data gloves.
Title: InternalBrace behavior at different orientation placements during anterior cruciate ligament repair: A computational finite element simulation.
Title: Stress distribution in the closure of anterior maxillary diastemas using different restorative approaches: a finite element analysis.
Title: BFEX: A Toolbox for Finite Element Analysis With Fossils and Blender.
Title: Finite element analysis of the Fibula's contribution to lower extremity torsional stiffness.
Title: The three-dimensional finite element model of unilateral complete cleft lip and palate and mechanical analysis of the oral surfaces.
Title: Biomechanical impact of cortical bone vs. traditional pedicle screw trajectories: a finite element study on lumbar spinal instrumentation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of a Bare Metal Stent Therapeutic for Aortic Dissection.
Title: Design of custom splint for distal radius fractures in Children through Generative design, Finite Element analysis and 3D Printing.
Title: Investigation of vascular morphology prediction based on high dimensional pulse acquisition system and finite element methods.
Title: Medical vs MicroCT based Finite Element Analysis : Exploring the Influence of Bone Heterogeneity and Bone Geometry.
Title: Effects of canine movement on maxillary anterior en-masse retraction with clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: Role of mechanical representativity in multiaxial and transverse mechanics of human annulus fibrosus: A microstructure-based biphasic finite element study.
Title: A Variational Bayesian Inference Theory of Elasticity and Its Mixed Probabilistic Finite Element Method for Inverse Deformation Solutions in Any Dimension.
Title: Modelling and Simulation of Energy Cutting Tool for Soft Tissue Using a Novel extended Finite Element Method.
Title: Calculation of interphase elastic properties of esterified cellulose nanocrystal/epoxy bio-nanocomposites using analytical and finite element methods.
Title: Finite element analysis of primary healing implants with different transmucosal designs.
Title: Prediction of Dental Implants Primary Stability With Cone Beam Computed Tomography-Based Homogenized Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Modelling for Biophysical Models of Nervous System Stimulation: Best Practices for Multiscale Adaptive Meshing.
Title: Evaluation of cyclic fatigue in three pediatric endodontic rotary file systems in root canals of primary molars: A finite element analysis (FEA).
Title: Finite element stress analysis to evaluate and compare the effect of splinting in periodontally compromised teeth having 55 % bone loss with different materials.
Title: Stress Distribution Pattern in Mandibular Overdenture Designs Supported by Three Dental Implants: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A finite element with statistical analysis study to investigate the electrical performance of composite insulators under water droplet impact.
Title: Impact of restorative materials on biomechanical behavior of endocrown and post-core restorations: A 3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Vertebral Augmentation Using Metal Stents Combined with Artificial Bone versus Polymethyl Methacrylate.
Title: The effects of restorative material and connector cross-section area on the stress distribution of fixed partial denture: a finite element analysis.
Title: Characterization of mouse artery tissue properties using experimental testing combined with finite element modelling.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of a Novel Facet Joint Fusion Fixation Device With Conventional Pedicle Screw Fixation Device: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Computational analysis of curved prestressed concrete box-girder bridges using finite element method.
Title: Finite element analysis of flexural performance of reinforced truss hollow composite concrete slabs.
Title: Mechanical characteristics of braided composite stents for carotid artery stenosis using finite element method.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of a New Acetabular Plate in the Combined Posterior Column and Posterior Acetabular Wall Fracture Model.
Title: Multiscale dynamics analysis of lumbar vertebral cortical bone based on the Abaqus submodel finite element method.
Title: Evaluation of two stable internal fixation techniques in mandibular ramus sagittal osteotomy: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Effect of solid abutment diameter and implant placement depth on stress distribution in the posterior mandible: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite Element Numerical Simulation of Deformation of Critical Vehicle Components and Damage to Retaining Walls of Emergency Escape Ramps During Truck Impacts.
Title: Frequency Response and Material Property Sensitivity Analysis of Moving-Coil Geophone Using Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Optimizing Stem Length in Conversion Total Hip Arthroplasty: An Expanded Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Application of Unprocessed Waste Tyres in Pavement Base Structures: A Study on Deformation and Stress Analysis Using Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Effect of Laser Parameters on Surface Morphology and Material Removal Mechanism of Ablation Grooves in CFRP Composites Using Finite Element Simulations.
Title: The Influence of Bone Density on Stresses in the Periodontal Ligament During Orthodontic Movement-Finite Element Study on Innovative Model.
Title: Optimization of Tibial Stem Geometry in Total Knee Arthroplasty Using Design of Experiments: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Novel Mechanics-Based Design for Overcorrection in Clear Aligner Orthodontics via Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Experimental and finite element analysis of rear impacts on bicycles with child seats.
Title: Comparative evaluation of mechanical effects of two designs of immediately placed customized root-analogue zirconia implants in the maxillary and mandibular posterior regions: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Biomechanical Evaluation of Novel Screwless Retained Dental Implant Prosthesis: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Optimization of the Human Bite Using Numerical Analysis Based on the Finite Element Method.
Title: A Finite Element Study of Simulated Fusion in an L4-L5 Model: Influence of the Combination of Materials in the Screw-and-Rod Fixation System on Reproducing Natural Bone Behavior.
Title: Impact of Molar Distalization with Clear Aligners on Periodontal Ligament Stress and Root Resorption Risk: A Systematic Review of 3D Finite Element Analysis Studies.
Title: The right horse for the race in the finite element analysis simulations to predict mitral valve regurgitation following transcatheter edge-to-edge mitral valve repair.
Title: Oversized Total Talar Prosthesis Enhances the Ankle Stability After Total Talus Replacement by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Evaluation of the effect of symphysis trauma on fracture pattern after marginal mandibular resection by finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Zero-P Height on Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Diameter-independent determination of apple watercore using microwave free-space and finite element methods.
Title: A finite element analysis model for magnetomotive ultrasound elastometry magnet design with experimental validation.
Title: Finite element analysis of antegrade and retrograde internal intramedullary nailing for mid-shaft clavicle fracture.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of implant techniques for ipsilateral femoral neck and shaft fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Hybrid discrete and finite element analysis enables fast evaluation of hip joint cartilage mechanical response.
Title: Ascending aorta over-angulation is a risk factor for acute type A aortic dissection: evidence from advanced finite element simulations.
Title: Endocrown-retained fixed partial dentures: Revolutionizing tooth restoration or risky business? A finite element study.
Title: Micromechanical finite element modeling of crystalline lipid-based materials: monoglyceride-based oleogels and their composites.
Title: Finite element analysis predicts a major mechanical role of epicardial adipose tissue in atherosclerotic coronary disease and angioplasty.
Title: Finite element analysis for pullout resistance and progressive failure of strip anchors in strain softening marine soils.
Title: Characterizing variability in passive myocardial stiffness in healthy human left ventricles using personalized MRI and finite element modeling.
Title: Finite element analysis of the osseous spiral lamina's influence on inner ear fluid flow during bone conduction stimulation.
Title: Finite element analysis of anterior maxillary segmental distraction osteogenesis using asymmetric distractors in patients with unilateral cleft lip and palate.
Title: Finite element analysis of biomechanical effects of oversized total talar prosthesis and collateral ligament reconstruction on total talar replacement.
Title: Predicting probiotic viability during tabletting using the finite element method integrated with a thermal tolerance model.
Title: New Subperiosteal Dental Implant Design with Finite Element Analysis and Mechanical Validation: A Design Validation Study.
Title: Assessing the Effectiveness of Dowel Bars in Jointed Plain Concrete Pavements Using Finite Element Modelling.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Evolut Transcatheter Heart Valves: Effects of Aortic Geometries and Valve Sizes on Post-TAVI Wall Stresses and Deformations.
Title: Integration of Muscle Pre-tension and Activation to Evaluate Neck Muscle Strain Injury Risk during Simulated Rear Impacts Using a Finite Element Neck Model.
Title: Survey and evaluation of classical guitar soundboard design methods with finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Cantilevered 2-Unit Implant-Supported Prostheses: A 3D Finite Element Study.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis of Peri-implant Stresses Surrounding Zirconium and Titanium Dental Implants.
Title: Microscale bone interlocking enhances osseointegration strength on the rough surface of 3D-printed titanium implants: experimental and finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of different restorative design on stress concentration of lithium disilicate and monolithic zirconia endocrown on a mandibular molar - a finite element analysis.
Title: A finite element model to simulate intraoperative fractures in cementless hip stem designs.
Title: Machine learning based finite element analysis for personalized prediction of pressure injury risk in patients with spinal cord injury.
Title: A biomechanical comparison of posterior malleolar fracture fixation using screws and locking plates in Trimalleolar fractures: a finite element study.
Title: Author Correction: Finite element analysis of restoring length with multiple internal fixations in calcaneal body fracture.
Title: Finite element analysis of dental structures: the role of mandibular kinematics and model complexity.
Title: Comparison of orthodontic clear aligners and fixed appliances for anterior teeth retraction using finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress allocation for designing different root canal.
Title: The reliability of talonavicular uncoverage to indicate forefoot abduction in progressive collapsing foot deformity: a finite element analysis.
Title: Nonlinear finite element analysis of equivalent Iwan model considering threaded connections.
Title: Three-dimensional in vivo and finite element analyses of peri-implant bone remodeling after superstructure placement.
Title: Finite element analysis of anatomically-modelled prosthetic incus for ossicular chain reconstruction.
Title: Stress Distribution Analysis in Bone Adjacent to Implant in Various Abutment-Implant Connection Designs Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Impacts of surface wear of attachments on maxillary canine distalization with clear aligners: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Compressive Stress in Teeth Restored with Endocrown and Build-up: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of hybrid screw placement technique on adjacent segment degeneration: a finite element analysis.
Title: Impact of Lumbar Degenerative Changes on Vertebral Bone Strength: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Two Patterns of Internal Fixation of the Mandibular Subcondylar Fractures (Comparative Study).
Title: Coupled Finite Element Model of the Middle and Inner Ear as Virtual Test Environment for Stapes Surgery.
Title: Investigation of customized total knee implant with articular cartilage under loading conditions using finite element analysis.
Title: Toward systematic finite element reconstructions of accidents involving vulnerable road users.
Title: Finite element stress analysis of the hindfoot after medial displacement calcaneal osteotomy with different translation distances.
Title: Three different screw trajectories in single segment fixation: a finite element analysis and biomechanical study.
Title: Influence of different polymeric materials of implant and attachment on stress distribution in implant-supported overdentures: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion (TLIF) surgery: A finite element analysis of open and minimally invasive approach on L4-L5 segment.
Title: Reconstruction of feeding behaviour and diet in Devonian ctenacanth chondrichthyans using dental microwear texture and finite element analyses.
Title: Mechanical resistance of a mandibular first molar under the influence of different endodontic access cavity design: a 3D finite element analysis study.
Title: Dynamic simulation of breast behaviour during different activities based on finite element modelling of multiple components of breast.
Title: Comparison of biomechanical characteristics of the Schneiderian membrane with different transcrestal sinus floor elevation techniques using three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Correction: Cranial reconstruction utilizing polymeric implants in two different designs: finite element investigation.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of a newly designed and 3D printed plate-locking interbody cage: an observational study of finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modeling of clavicle fracture fixations: a systematic scoping review.
Title: Elucidating interfacial failure of cervical restorations using damage mechanics: A finite element analysis.
Title: Using optimization approach to design dental implant in three types of bone quality - A finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of individual spinal muscle activities on upright posture using a human body finite element model.
Title: Finite Element Analysis (FEA) for Influence of Variation in Dental Implant Dimensions (Length and Diameter) on Peri-implant Bone Stress/Strain Distribution: A Systematic Review.
Title: Efficacy of SAVE: A Novel Maxillary Protraction Device-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Investigation of cyclic water infiltration and dry-out in coated spruce using finite-element simulations.
Title: Interphase investigation of modified McLachlan model and the 3D finite element method for electrical conductivity.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Proximal Femoral Bionic Nail (PFBN), Proximal Femoral Nail Antirotation and InterTan for Treatment of Reverse Obliquity Intertrochanteric Fractures.
Title: Comparison between the fluid-structure interaction approach and the finite element method approach to analyze the leaflet flutter in bioprosthetic aortic valve.
Title: The interaction between third molars and surrounding periapical tissues in mandibular stress distribution during high-impact trauma: a finite element study.
Title: Reconstruction of anterior talofibular ligament and posterior tibiotalar ligament enhance ankle stability after total talus replacement by finite element analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Method for Modeling Diffusion and Drug Release from Nanocellulose/Nanoporous Silicon Composites.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Electromagnetic Characteristics of a Single-Phase Permanent Magnet Linear Oscillation Actuator.
Title: Stress and Displacement Dynamics in Surgically Assisted Rapid Maxillary Expansion: A Comprehensive Finite Element Analysis of Various Osteotomy Techniques.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Hot Rolling for Large-Scale AISI 430 Ferritic Stainless-Steel Slabs Using Industrial Rolling Schedules-Part 1: Set-Up, Optimization, and Validation of Numerical Model.
Title: A Comparative Finite Element Analysis of Titanium, Autogenous Bone, and Polyetheretherketone (PEEK)-Based Solutions for Mandibular Reconstruction.
Title: Exploring the optimal reconstruction strategy for Enneking III defects in pelvis bone tumors: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of stress patterns in teeth with endodontic treatment and periapical lesions as abutments for fixed prosthesis: a finite element analysis study.
Title: [Clinical application and three-dimensional finite element analysis of along-axis extraction method in mandibular mesial and horizontally impacted third molar surgery].
Title: [Hydrodynamic finite element analysis of biological scaffolds with different pore sizes for cell growth and osteogenic differentiation].
Title: Trauma-Induced Stress Distribution in Primary Incisors Restored With Preformed Zirconia Crowns: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Non-Linear Biomechanical Evaluation and Comparison in the Assessment of Three Different Piece Dental Implant Systems for the Molar Region: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Customized 3D Allogenic Bone Blocks for Mandibular Buccal-Bone Reconstruction Increase Resistance to Tongue-Protrusion Forces: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Bilateral Iliosacral and Transsacral Screws Are Biomechanically Favorable and Reduce the Risk for Fracture Progression in Fragility Fractures of the Pelvis-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A multi-body finite element model for hydrogel packings: linear response to shear.
Title: Integrating finite element analysis in total hip arthroplasty for childhood hip disorders: Enhancing precision and outcomes.
Title: Evaluation of the effects of the third molar on distalization and the effects of attachments on distalization and expansion with clear aligners: Three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Evaluation of the effect of attachments on torque control of palatally positioned maxillary lateral teeth with clear aligners: Finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical insights through finite element analysis of Bennett fracture fixation: a comparative study of four surgical techniques.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Functionally Loaded Subperiosteal Implants Evaluated on a Realistic Model Reproducing Severe Atrophic Jaws.
Title: Quantitative relationships between elastic modulus of rod and biomechanical properties of transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of different microfracture drilling parameters on bone quality: a finite element analysis.
Title: Morphological Characteristics of Inferior Pole Patellar Fractures and a Finite-Element Analysis Combined With a Retrospective Clinical Study of Anchor Suture and Titanium Cable Cerclage Treatment.
Title: Evaluation and comparison of reading man flap based on different designs of angles and central axial lengths using finite element method.
Title: From model validation to biomechanical analysis: In silico study of multirooted root analogue implants using 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Microgap Formation in Conical Implant-Abutment Connections Under Oblique Loading: Influence of Cone Angle Mismatch Through Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element feature analysis of the mandible and morphology and position of temporomandibular joint in patients with unilateral and bilateral molar scissor bite.
Title: Finite element models of intervertebral disc: recent advances and prospects.
Title: Thermal stresses in porcelain veneered lithium disilicate and zirconia dental crowns: Comparative analysis using a validated viscoelastic finite element model.
Title: Predicting nanofluid behavior in inflamed stenotic arteries: a neural network and finite element-Based analysis.
Title: Unilateral Lumbo-Pelvic Fixation for Denis Type I Unilateral Sacral Fracture: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparative study regarding the stability of a proximal ulnar stump with or without distal oblique bundle reconstruction during the Sauvé‒Kapandji procedure: a finite-element analysis.
Title: Effect of Occlusal Scheme and Bone-Level Implant Number and Position on Stress Distribution in Kennedy Class II Implant-Assisted Removable Partial Dentures: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element-based nonlinear dynamic optimization of nanomechanical resonators.
Title: Mechanical finite element analysis of needle tip shape to develop insertable polymer-based microneedle without plastic deformation.
Title: Evaluation of prostheses retained zygomatic and dental implants in large defects in the maxilla due to tumors or major trauma by biomechanical 3- dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Impact of physiological and non-physiological loading scenarios and crown material on periimplant bone stress distribution: A 3D finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of titanium, cobalt-chromium, zirconia, and PEEK frameworks in implant-supported prostheses: a dynamic finite element analysis.
Title: Different Internal Fixation Methods for Sanders Type II and III Calcaneal Fractures: A 5-Year Retrospective Study and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress in mandibular molars repaired after fractured instrument removal.
Title: The influence of simulated worn shoe and foot inversion on heel internal biomechanics during running impact: A subject-specific finite element analysis.
Title: Implementing the discontinuous-Galerkin finite element method using graph neural networks with application to diffusion equations.
Title: Testing hypotheses of skull function with comparative finite element analysis: three methods reveal contrasting results.
Title: Location or size? A finite element analysis study of necrotic lesion impact on femoral head collapse.
Title: Three-dimensional Finite Element Analysis of Implant Prosthesis After Mandibular Reconstruction by Upper Distal Free Double-Barrel Fibula.
Title: A finite element analysis to assess tibial bone fracture in malleolar regions following total ankle replacement: Influences of implant designs and implant-bone interfacial conditions.
Title: Parametric finite element modeling of reinforced polymeric leaflets for improved durability.
Title: Phase-specific changes in hip joint loading during gait following sacroiliac joint fusion: Findings from a finite element analysis.
Title: Stress Analysis in Conversion Total Hip Arthroplasty: A Finite Element Analysis on Stem Length and Distal Screw Hole.
Title: Melt Pool Simulation of Dual Laser Beam-Arc Hybrid Welding of Aluminum Alloy Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Prediction of Mechanical Properties and Fracture Behavior of TC17 Linear Friction Welded Joint Based on Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Flow Behavior Analysis of the Cold Rolling Deformation of an M50 Bearing Ring Based on the Multiscale Finite Element Model.
Title: The biomechanical effects of treating double-segment lumbar degenerative diseases with unilateral fixation through interlaminar fenestration interbody fusion surgery: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Deciphering the interplay between biology and physics with a finite element method-implemented vertex organoid model: A tool for the mechanical analysis of cell behavior on a spherical organoid shell.
Title: The Biomechanical Properties of A Modified Distraction Device Used in Mandibular Distraction Osteogenesis for Craniofacial Microsomia Patients: A Simulation Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Multiscale Finite Element Modeling of Human Ear for Acoustic Wave Transmission Into Cochlea and Hair Cells Fatigue Failure.
Title: Development of a Finite Element Model of the Human Wrist Joint With Radial and Ulnar Axial Force Distribution and Radiocarpal Contact Validation.
Title: Finite element investigation for improving chest wall reconstruction process using ceramic and polymeric implants.
Title: How wide of a distal metaphyseal femoral fracture gap is a high risk of varus collapse and fixation failure? A finite element study.
Title: Neural network surrogate and projected gradient descent for fast and reliable finite element model calibration: A case study on an intervertebral disc.
Title: Finite element analysis and its application in Orthopaedics: A narrative review.
Title: Posterior Ligamentum Complex Preservation Alleviate ASD-Related Biomechanical Deterioration in Lumbar Interbody Fusion Models: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Dynamic biomechanical effects of medial meniscus tears on the knee joint: a finite element analysis.
Title: Application of Ultrashort Implants in Posterior Maxilla With Insufficient Bone Height: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Evaluation of mechanical and thermal stress in an endodontically treated cracked premolar with three restorative designs: 3D-finite element analysis.
Title: Enhancing CFRP damping with graphene nanoplatelets: experiments versus finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of different restorative design and materials on stress distribution in cracked teeth: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite Element Numerical Simulation and Repair Process of Laser Cladding Repair of Surface Cracks on Mechanical Parts.
Title: Crystal Plasticity Finite Element Study on Orientation Evolution and Deformation Inhomogeneity of Island Grain During the Ultra-Thin Strips Rolling of Grain Oriented Electrical Steel.
Title: A Study of the Response Surface Methodology and Finite Element Method to Model Aircraft Engine Body Deformations During Hole Drilling.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Acoustic Emissions from Different Failure Mechanisms in Composite Materials.
Title: Comparison of the Finite Element Method and Rigid Finite Element Method During Dynamic Calculations of Steel-Concrete Composite Beams Based on Experimental Results.
Title: Simulation of an Orthodontic System Using the Lingual Technique Based on the Finite Element Method.
Title: Comparing adjacent segment biomechanics between anterior and posterior cervical fusion using patient-specific finite element modeling.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis and Solution Suggestions of Screw Replacement Scenarios in Femoral Neck Fracture Surgeries: Finite Element Method.
Title: Heterogeneous material models for finite element analysis of the human mandible bone - A systematic review.
Title: 3D Finite Element Modeling of Femtosecond Laser Trabeculotomy.
Title: Finite Element Model of Patient-Specific Flanged Acetabular Components Highlights Biomechanical Effects of Bone Density and Cortical Shell Thickness.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress distribution in cantilever resin-bonded zirconia fixed dental prosthesis and periodontal tissue with alveolar bone loss.
Title: Effect of different CAD-CAM post and core materials in endodontically treated teeth without ferrule and with non-circular root canals: 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the influence of perioral force on alveolar ridge healing in areas missing maxillary anterior teeth.
Title: Two types of cannulated screw fixation based on Letenneur classification for the treatment of Hoffa fracture: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis: internal fixation plate versus intramedullary nail for neer type III-VI proximal humeral fractur.
Title: Design and optimization of hollow microneedle spacing for three materials using finite element methods.
Title: Experimental investigation and finite element analysis on the durability of root-filled teeth treated with multisonic irrigation.
Title: Accurate assessment of the three-dimensional shrinkage stress evolution for photopolymerized dental filling materials: Mechano-chemo-thermo-coupled finite element modeling and experimental validation.
Title: Finite element analysis of the plantar support for the medial longitudinal arch with flexible flatfoot.
Title: Comparative evaluation of pattern and distribution of stresses in single- and double-implant overdenture using ball-ring, positioner, and magnet-keeper attachment under different loading conditions: A finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluatıon of stress dıstrıbutıon by applıed dıfferent forces on ımmature maxıllary central teeth wıth dıfferent treatment optıons: a laboratory fınıte element stress analysıs.
Title: The Novel Assessment to Explore the Cutting Performance of Rotary Instruments Using Dynamic Finite Element Analysis With Failure Mode.
Title: Finite element analysis on implant-supported bar with different geometric shapes.
Title: Effect of Different Cantilever Lengths in Polyether Ether Ketone Prosthetic Framework in All-on-Four Technique on Stress Distribution: A Three-Dimensional (3D) Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of RC beams using static experimental data to predict static and dynamic behaviors.
Title: Individuals with heterogenous trabecular bone texture by clinical magnetic resonance imaging have lower bone strength and stiffness by quantitative computed tomography-based finite element analysis.
Title: Residual dentin thickness and biomechanical performance of post-and-core-restored mandibular premolars: A finite element analysis study.
Title: 3D-Printed Prosthesis with an Articular Interface for Anatomical Acetabular Reconstruction After Type I + II (+ III) Internal Hemipelvectomy: Clinical Outcomes and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Automated Support Generation for Fixed Partial Dentures and Impact of Bone Loss, Bone Quality and Support Types: Parametric Cad and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The influence of Kitchon-RCAA on biomechanics of maxillary tissues based on indirect action: A finite element analysis.
Title: Companion-based multi-level finite element method for computing multiple solutions of nonlinear differential equations.
Title: Finite element analysis of modified pedicle screw fixation and traditional lumbopelvic fixation for the treatment of sacroiliac joint disruption.
Title: Finite element analysis of a novel patellar fracture fixation method.
Title: Correction: 3D modeling of vector/edge finite element method for multi-ablation technique for large tumor-computational approach.
Title: The effects of cage on endplate collapse after stand-alone OLIF: based on finite element analysis and 
Title: Quantitative analysis of protective Kirschner wire diameters in lateral opening wedge distal femoral osteotomy: A finite element study.
Title: Effect of high trimline aligners on distalizing mandibular molars: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical and clinical evaluation of PSO, modified PSO and VCR treating OVCF kyphosis: a finite element analysis.
Title: [Finite element analysis of influence of humerus torque screw tip distance on stability of proximal humeral fracture plate fixation].
Title: Intravascular Ultrasound Image-Based Finite Element Modeling Approach for Quantifying In Vivo Mechanical Properties of Human Coronary Artery.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Stress Changes Associated With the Growth of Acne Keloids.
Title: Evaluation with finite element analysis of a ball attachment overdenture prosthesis of a patient.
Title: Analysis of the distribution of mechanical load on the plate and lateral hinge of a valgus-producing open wedge high tibial osteotomy during weight-bearing by simulating consolidation. Finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of cantilevered 3-unit implant-supported prostheses made of PEKK and monolithic zirconia: A finite element study.
Title: What is the role of second molars in leveling the curve of Spee? A finite element analysis study.
Title: Effect of geometry on clasp retention force: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Correction: A new 3D finite element-based approach for computing cell surface tractions assuming nonlinear conditions.
Title: Biomechanical assessment of Kirschner wires integrated with a novel external fixation device for treatment of pediatric supracondylar humeral fracture: a finite element analysis.
Title: Nernst-Planck-Gaussian finite element modelling of Ca
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Clival Screw Fixation for Occipitocervical Instablity: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Mechanical stability of the proximal tibia with different bone formations after plate removal in medial opening-wedge high tibial osteotomy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Characteristics and mechanical mechanisms of intervertebral disc degeneration in old thoracolumbar fractures with kyphosis: clinical observations and finite element analyses.
Title: Comparative 3D finite element analysis of intramedullary fixation versus locking plate fixation in calcaneal fractures using micro-CT image technology.
Title: Investigation of Stress Distribution Between Two Different Implant Concepts in Implant- Supported Maxillary Prostheses with Different Framework Materials: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Comparative finite element analyses of stress exerted on the dentin by intraradicular posts.
Title: Biomechanical stability of magnesium plate and screw fixation systems in LeFort I osteotomy: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Fractures of the quadrilateral plate treated with a reconstruction plate and trans-plate quadrilateral screws: An experimental study on cadaveric specimens and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element and Theoretical Analysis of High-Strength Steel-Strand Mesh Reinforced ECCs Under Flexural Load.
Title: Influence of Initial Yield Strength Weighting on Residual Stresses in Quenched Cylinders Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Fracture Criterion Calibration and Finite Element Simulation in SUS304 Stainless Steel.
Title: Biomechanical Finite Element Analysis of Two Types of Short-Angled Implants Across Various Bone Classifications.
Title: The Finite Element Method in Thermosetting Polymers' and FRPs' Supramolecular Structure and Thermomechanical Properties' Modeling.
Title: Time-series data from a hybrid finite element Large Eddy Simulation of flow over a backward-facing step.
Title: Parametric investigation of rectangular CFRP-confined concrete columns reinforced by inner elliptical steel tubes using finite element and machine learning models.
Title: Biomechanical performance of ATOZ expander: Finite-element analysis.
Title: Effect of plantar fascia stiffness on plantar windlass mechanism and arch: Finite element method and dual fluoroscopic imaging system verification.
Title: Open laminectomy plus posterolateral fusion versus open laminectomy plus transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion surgical approaches for fusing degenerated L4-L5 segment: A comparative finite element study.
Title: Effect of archwire size and lever arm length on anterior and posterior teeth movement during en-masse retraction in personalized lingual orthodontics: A 3-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Efficacy of the finite element analysis in assessing the effects of light curing on the mechanical properties of direct restorative composites: A systematic review.
Title: Biomechanical assessment of anterior plate system, bilateral pedicle screw and transdiscal screw system for high-grade spondylolisthesis: a finite element study.
Title: Optimal suturing techniques in patch-bridging reconstruction for massive rotator cuff tears: A finite element analysis.
Title: Characterizing orthodontic mini-screws in the hard palate of pigs: An experimental and finite-element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of intramedullary nailing and nail-plate combinations for treating unstable proximal tibial metaphyseal fractures.
Title: Facemask application with fixed orthodontic appliances: 3-dimensional finite element stress analysis.
Title: Predicting the biomechanical behavior of lumbar intervertebral Discs: A comparative finite element analysis of a novel artificial disc design.
Title: A wireless buckle transducer for measurement of human forearm tendon tension: operational principles and finite element study.
Title: Behind Amor Blunt Trauma Lung and Liver Strains From Indenter Loading Via Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Finite Element and Density Functional Theory Modeling Effectively Predict Pitting Degradation of Hydroxyapatite-Coated Pure Magnesium.
Title: Assessment of Stress Distribution Around Traditional and Sleeve Fixed Partial Denture Designs: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: 3D-finite element analysis and weibull analysis of maxillary first molar restored with endocrowns with different pulpal extensions compared with conventional crowns with post-and-core.
Title: Comparing Simulation Approaches Used in Finite Element Modelling of a Medial Opening Wedge High Tibial Osteotomy.
Title: Biomechanical Characteristics of First Coronal Reverse Vertebrae in Lenke Type V Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis: A Study Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Dynamic parallel traction theoretical model for the application and validation in femoral neck fractures - a finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of maxillary molar distalization treated with clear aligners combined with different traction methods.
Title: Development of a bespoke finite element wear algorithm to investigate the effect of femoral centre of rotation on the wear evolution in total knee replacements.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution In Tooth-Implant Retained Prostheses: Impact of Periodontal Support, Tooth Count, and Implants : Stress Distribution in Tooth-Implant-Supported Prostheses.
Title: Fracture resistance, 3-dimensional finite element analysis, and safety factors for five post-and-core restorations with crowns placed in the noncircular-shaped canals of premolars.
Title: Stress distribution in restored mandibular molars with external cervical resorption: a finite element analysis.
Title: Impact of sacroiliac interosseous ligament tension and laxity on lumbar spine biomechanics under vertical vibration: a finite element study.
Title: A phase field finite element study and evaluation of sulfide stress cracking in DCB specimen testing.
Title: The effect of uterine fibroid region and depth on endometrial stress and strain: a finite element approach.
Title: Prosthesis repair of oral implants based on artificial intelligenc`e finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of Deep Margin Elevation Technique With Two Restorative Materials on Stress Distribution of e.max Endocrown Restorations: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional fluid-structure interaction modelling of the venous valve using immersed boundary/finite element method.
Title: Simulating atherosclerotic plaque mechanics using polyvinyl alcohol (PVA) cryogel artery phantoms, ultrasound imaging and inverse finite element analysis.
Title: Design improvements to enhance mechanical performance of a locking compression plate as a biodegradable implant plate: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Mechanical Ocular Sequelae from Badminton Shuttlecock Projectile Impact.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of the effect of varying humeral implant length in total elbow replacement: a finite element analysis.
Title: Flexural properties and finite element analysis of novel 3D-printed ceramic materials via 3D-LCM technology.
Title: The effect of maxillary premolar distalization with different designed clear aligners: a 4D finite element study with staging simulation.
Title: Finite element analysis of additive manufactured porous peek artificial vertebral bodies in lumbar total en bloc spondylectomy.
Title: Efficient development of subject-specific finite element knee models: Automated identification of soft-tissue attachments.
Title: Comparison of the biomechanical effect of distal implants placed at different angles in the all-on-four technique: A nonlinear finite element analysis.
Title: An algorithmic and software framework to incorporate orientation distribution functions in finite element simulations for biomechanics and biophysics.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis between three surgical techniques for the treatment of type VI schatzker tibial plateau fractures.
Title: Biomechanical effects of different mandibular movements and torque compensations during mandibular advancement with clear aligners: a finite element analysis.
Title: Correction: Finite element analysis of mechanical stress in a cementless tapered-wedge short stem in the varus position.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Influence of the Z-Shaped Position of Cleft lip on the Postoperative Appearance.
Title: Biomechanical testing of virtual meniscus implants made from a bi-phasic silk fibroin-based hydrogel and polyurethane via finite element analysis.
Title: Enhanced Biomechanical Stability in Proximal Humeral Fractures: Finite Element Analysis of a Novel Endosteal Anatomical Support Nail for Improved Fixation in Elderly Patients.
Title: Modeling Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy Using Time-Dependent Finite Element Method.
Title: Effect of Precipitation-Free Zone on Fatigue Properties in Al-7.02Mg-1.98Zn Alloys: Crystal Plasticity Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Investigation of Electromagnetic Wave Propagation in Photonic-like Welded Materials Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: A Biomechanical Evaluation of Distal Tilting Implants in All-on-Four Rehabilitation with Mild Mandibular Resorption: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of a Novel Ceramic Implant for Canine Cranial Cruciate Ligament Rupture Treatment: A Finite Element Analysis Approach.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal Hyperostosis and Osteoporosis: Vertebral Fracture Risk Evaluation Using Finite Element Modeling with Clinical and Micro-CT Data in an Elderly Donor.
Title: Finite Element Combined Design and Material Optimization Addressing the Wear in Removable Implant Prosthodontics.
Title: Optimal biomechanical choice of implant placement in various pilon fracture types: a finite element study.
Title: Effects of Implemented Residual Stresses on Mechanical Responses and Behavior of the Full-Layered Murine Aortic Medial Ring: A Parametric Finite Element Study.
Title: Effects of self-expandable pedicle screws with shape memory alloy structures on spinal fixation strength: A finite element study.
Title: Performance evaluation of a low-cost Ti-Mo-Fe (TMF8) as a replacement for Ti-6Al-4V for internal fixation implants used in mandibular angular fractures: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Clinical Study and Finite Element Analysis on the Effects of Pseudo-Patella Baja After TKA.
Title: Advanced neuroprosthetic electrode design optimized by electromagnetic finite element simulation: innovations and applications.
Title: Efficient finite element modeling of photonic modal analysis augmented by combined symmetry.
Title: Rapid measurement of liquid diffusion coefficients for different concentrations based on compound liquid-core cylindrical lenses and the finite element method.
Title: Associations between condylar height relative to occlusal plane and condylar osseous condition and TMJ loading based on 3D measurements and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modelling of atomic force microscopy imaging on deformable surfaces.
Title: Study to localize isometric points of anterior band of inferior glenohumeral ligament and to use long head of biceps as a graft: A finite element analysis and arthroscopic cadaveric demonstration.
Title: Finite element analysis of maxillary orthodontic therapies with variable alveolar bone grafts under occlusal forces in patient with unilateral cleft lip and palate.
Title: Effect of vehicular vibrations on L-4 lumbar vertebrae - A finite element study.
Title: Axis screw parallel to the sagittal plane versus traditional pedicle screw in the treatment of atlantoaxial fixation: a finite element study.
Title: Cranial reconstruction utilizing polymeric implants in two different designs: finite element investigation.
Title: Comparison of mechanical stability of modified pedicle screw fixator and unilateral lumbopelvic fixation for treating sacroiliac joint disruption: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Multi-segment cooling design of a reflection mirror based on the finite-element method.
Title: Effects of Attachment Orientation and Designed Vertical Movement on Molar Distalisation With Clear Aligners: A Biomechanical Finite Element Study.
Title: Evaluation of the biomechanical effects and stability of titanium and carbon fiber-reinforced polyetheretherketone mini plates in Le Fort I advancement osteotomy fixation using finite element analysis.
Title: A finite element analysis of the trapezoidal plate. How to get a stable fixation at different fracture lines?
Title: Biomechanical effects of FNS on femoral neck fractures based on different reduction quality: finite element analysis.
Title: Understanding age-related middle ear properties and basilar membrane damage in hearing loss: A finite element analysis and retrospective cohort study.
Title: Does free tendon length influence the injury risk of the Achilles tendon? A finite element study.
Title: Degree of twist in the Achilles tendon interacts with its length and thickness in affecting local strain magnitude: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element comparison of titanium and polyetheretherketone materials for mandibular defect reconstruction.
Title: Comparative Analysis of Displacements and Stress Produced by Square and Rectangular Bracket Slot With Incremental Torque: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Evaluation of stress generation in core build up-material of mutilated primary teeth: a comparative finite element analysis between BioFlx, stainless steel and zirconia crowns.
Title: "Effect of mid-root perforation and its repair on stress distribution and fracture resistance: a 3D finite element analysis and in vitro study".
Title: Image-based finite element model stiffness and vBMD by single and dual energy CT reconstruction kernel.
Title: Influence of micro-milling machining parameters on residual stresses in alumina bioceramics-a three-dimensional finite element simulation study.
Title: Biomechanical impact of progressive meniscal extrusion on the knee joint: a finite element analysis.
Title: A non-intrusive reduced-order model for finite element analysis of implant positioning in total hip replacements.
Title: Surgical simulation of curved periacetabular osteotomy in four types of developmental dysplasia of the hip using finite element analysis and identification of the optimal rotation angle of the osteotomized bone.
Title: A finite element model for biomechanical characterization of ex vivo peripheral nerve dysfunction during stretch.
Title: Evaluating the Restoration of External Root Resorption Under Biomechanical Stress: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Determination and Application of Stress States Based on Finite Element Techniques: A Case Study of the Longmaxi Formation in the Luzhou Block, Sichuan Basin.
Title: Evaluation and Comparison of Stresses Between All-on-4 and All-on-6 Treatment Concepts With Three Different Prosthetic Materials in the Maxilla: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Reducing the Brace Correction Stress on the Secondary Lumbar Curve Results in Excellent Muscle, Bone, and Disc Mechanical Performance: A Musculoskeletal Finite Element Simulation of AIS Patient With Rigo A3.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Different Spacing Distributions Between the Cemented Superior Boundary and Surgical Vertebral Superior Endplates After Percutaneous Vertebroplasty for Osteoporotic Vertebral Compression Fractures: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Analytical and Finite Element Analysis of the Rolling Force for the Three-Roller Cylindrical Bending Process.
Title: Evaluation of buccolingual and linguobuccal implants in the atrophic posterior mandible: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Reduction of material groups for vertebral bone finite element simulation: cross comparison of grouping methods.
Title: Case series study and finite element analysis of a new cervicothoracic fixation device.
Title: Enhancing fixation stability in proximal humerus fractures: screw orientation optimization in PHILOS plates through finite element analysis and biomechanical testing.
Title: Analysis of the air gap magnetic field in cylindrical magnetic couplings based on mathematical and finite element approach.
Title: Effect of Cross-sectional Designs on Torsional Resistance of Endodontic Nickel-Titanium Files: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Influence of natural hyoid bone position and surgical repositioning on upper airway patency: a computational finite element modeling study.
Title: A novel personalized homogenous finite element model to predict the pull-out strength of cancellous bone screws.
Title: Novel hook plate for radial semilunar lip facet fragment fixation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of occlusal stress on maxillary first molars with different marginal morphologies restored with occlusal veneers.
Title: Design and validation of finite element models for the assessment of post-fixation distal femur fracture motion.
Title: The Effect of Implantoplasty on Fracture Resistance and Implant Surface Changes: An In Vitro and Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Improvements for the solution of crack evolution using extended finite element method.
Title: Tooth movement analysis of maxillary dentition distalization using clear aligners with buccal and palatal mini-screw anchorages: A finite element study.
Title: FEBio FINESSE: An Open-Source Finite Element Simulation Approach to Estimate In Vivo Heart Valve Strains Using Shape Enforcement.
Title: Coexistence of horizontal bone loss and dehiscence with the bundle and conventional fiber post: a finite element analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution in Traumatized Teeth Splinted With Fiber Localizing on Incisal/Cervical Positions: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of stress distribution on different complex macro designs in commercially available implants: An in-vitro study.
Title: Mechanical effect of taper position in abutment hole and screw taper angles on implant system and peri-implant tissue: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of polyaryletherketone materials as post-core abutments for removable partial dentures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Enhancing biomechanical outcomes in proximal femoral osteotomy through optimised blade plate sizing: A neuromusculoskeletal-informed finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element-based evaluation of the supraspinatus tendon biomechanical environment necessitates better clinical management based on tear location and thickness.
Title: Finite element analysis of two-level discontinuous cervical hybrid revision surgery strategy to reduce biomechanical responses of adjacent segments.
Title: Predicting new-onset persistent conduction disturbance following transcatheter aortic valve replacement: the usefulness of FEOPS finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the knee joint: a computational tool to analyze the combined behavior after treatment of torn ligaments and menisci in the human knee joint.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of implant options for unilateral maxillary defects: a finite element analysis.
Title: Development and validation of a set of wheelchair finite element models in frontal, side, and rear impact conditions.
Title: The Effect of Different Separated File Retrieval Strategies on the Biomechanical Behavior of a Mandibular Molar: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Biomechanical effects of different miniplate use on bone and miniplate systems in multiple mandible fracture: A finite element study.
Title: A comparative study of the effect of facet tropism on the index-level kinematics and biomechanics after artificial cervical disc replacement (ACDR) with Prestige LP, Prodisc-C vivo, and Mobi-C: a finite element study.
Title: [Analysis of polyetheretherketone framework on the stress distribution of implant-supported fixed maxillary prosthesis: 3-D finite element analysis].
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of different attachment designs for lateral incisors during inward retraction of upper anterior teeth in clear aligner].
Title: Effectiveness of palatal anchorage device (PAD) for maxillary anterior retraction with clear aligners using finite element study.
Title: Prediction of Femoral Bone Strength in the Presence of Tumors and Tumor-like Lesions Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A review of human cornea finite element modeling: geometry modeling, constitutive modeling, and outlooks.
Title: Correction: Bispherical metal augment improved biomechanical stability in severe acetabular deficiency reconstruction: a comparative finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of functional clear aligners on the stomatognathic system in teens with class II malocclusion: a new model through finite element analysis.
Title: [Effect of loading angle and fabrication materials on stress distribution with periodontal splint in compromised periodontal tissues: a finite element study].
Title: Three-dimensional zone of the centers of resistance of the mandibular incisors and canines: A novel approach by finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis and computational fluid dynamics to elucidate the mechanism of distal stent graft-induced new entry after frozen elephant trunk technique.
Title: Understanding cervical spine instability: a finite element study on atypical hangman's fractures.
Title: From Simulations to Inference: Using Machine Learning to Tune Patient-Specific Finite-Element Models of the Middle Ear Towards Objective Diagnosis.
Title: Effect of design and surgical parameters variations in mobile-bearing versus fixed-bearing unicompartmental knee arthroplasty: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis on the human and guinea pig cochlear vibration patterns under bone conduction stimulations.
Title: Effects of pedicle subtraction osteotomy on aortic morphology and hemodynamics in ankylosing spondylitis with kyphosis: a finite element analysis study.
Title: The mouthguard for sports is capable of protecting the implant/crown complex when there is a frontal impact? Responding with finite element analisys.
Title: Finite element study of stress distribution in medial UKA under varied lower limb alignment.
Title: The Influence of Material Properties and Wall Thickness on Predicted Wall Stress in Ascending Aortic Aneurysms: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Assessment of the Impact of Bone Quality and Abutment Configuration on the Fatigue Performance of Dental Implant Systems Using Finite Element Analysis (FEA).
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Hydroxyapatite/poly-l-lactide Fixation in Mandibular Body Reconstruction with Fibula Free Flap: A Finite Element Analysis Incorporating Material Properties and Masticatory Function Evaluation.
Title: Assessment of Thermal Influence on an Orthodontic System by Means of the Finite Element Method.
Title: Evaluation of effects of different sizes and shapes of attachments during rotation, tipping, and torquing in clear aligner therapy - A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical investigation of positive reduction in the femoral neck fracture: a finite element analysis.
Title: Combined effect of artificial cervical disc replacement and facet tropism on the index-level facet joints: a finite element study.
Title: Evaluating the Accuracy of the COMSOL-Based Finite-Element Method for Simulating Plasmon-Modified Fluorescence.
Title: Comparison of Screws with Different Diameters in Subperiosteal Implant Application with Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A M-PEEK rod system to stabilize spinal motion after graded facetectomy: a finite element study.
Title: A novel pedicle screw design to maximize screw-bone interface strength using finite element analysis and design of experiment techniques.
Title: Applying 3D-Printed Porous Ti6Al4V Prostheses to Repair Osteomyelitis-Induced Partial Bone Defects of Lower Limbs: Finite Element Analysis and Clinical Outcomes.
Title: Effect of pedicle screw misplacement on the pull-out strength using personalized finite element modeling.
Title: Development of a spinopelvic complex finite element model for quantitative analysis of the biomechanical response of patients with degenerative spondylolisthesis.
Title: Improved stomatognathic model for highly realistic finite element analysis of temporomandibular joint biomechanics.
Title: Lesion Size Location Dependency on Maximum Pressure in Osteochondral Defects: Experiments and Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Apical stress redistribution during anterior vertebral body tethering for thoracic adolescent idiopathic scoliosis: a finite element analysis of a novel surgical technique.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Local pH Variations in Electrolysis with Porous Electrodes, Considering Water Self-Ionization.
Title: Validation of patient-specific flatfoot models on finite element analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution in Proclined Anterior Teeth of Pediatric Patients With and Without Mouthguard Use: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis confirms the optimal apex position in medial opening wedge high tibial osteotomy to avoid lateral hinge fracture.
Title: A split-step finite element method for the space-fractional Schrödinger equation in two dimensions.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of the effect of Class II traction configurations and aligner overtreatment on molar distalization: a finite-element study.
Title: Mechanical evaluation for the finite element analysis of intramedullary nailing and plate screw system used in humerus transverse fractures.
Title: A High-Precision Inverse Finite Element Method for Shape Sensing and Structural Health Monitoring.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Electrostatic Coupling in LISA Pathfinder Inertial Sensors.
Title: Total Hip Arthroplasty in Hip Osteoarthritis with Subtrochanteric Localized Periosteal Thickening: Preoperative Planning Using Finite Element Analysis to Determine the Optimal Stem Length.
Title: Validation of a generic finite element vehicle buck model for near-side crashes.
Title: Biomechanical significance of intervertebral discs on growthplate stresses in scoliotic trunks following unilateral muscle weakening: A hybrid approach of finite element and musculoskeletal modeling.
Title: Finite element analysis evaluation of hypothetical alternative treatment scenarios for neglected developmental dysplasia of the hip.
Title: A Bicortical Pedicle Screw in the Cephalad Trajectory Is the Best Option for the Fixation of an Osteoporotic Vertebra: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Comparative evaluation of pediatric endodontic rotary file systems to bending and torsion tests: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of Stress Distribution and Deformation in Class II Cavities Restored With Two Different Biomimetic Restorative Materials: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Prediction of bone ingrowth into a porous novel hip-stem: A finite element analysis integrated with mechanoregulatory algorithm.
Title: Finite element analysis of biomechanical investigation on diverse internal fixation techniques in oblique lumbar interbody fusion.
Title: A 3D finite element analysis of biomechanical effects on teeth and bone during true intrusion of anteriors using miniscrews.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of LED Light Application and Heat Generation with Three Different Wavelengths of Frequency on Soft Tissues in Bringing Faster Orthodontic Tooth Movement: A Finite Element Model Study.
Title: Anchorage loss of the posterior teeth under different extraction patterns in maxillary and mandibular arches using clear aligner: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of restoring length with multiple internal fixations in calcaneal body fracture.
Title: Finite element analysis shows minimal stability difference between individualized mini-hemilaminectomy-corpectomy and partial lateral corpectomy in a dog model.
Title: Effect of asymptomatic intervertebral flexion patterns on lumbar disc pressure: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Biomechanical effects of a new crimpable gate spring combined with conventional rectangular archwires for torque adjustment of individual anterior teeth : A comparative finite element study.
Title: Validation of Low Cost Patient Specific Implant Design Using Finite Element Analysis (FEA) for Reconstruction of Segmental Mandibular Defects: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Title: Biomechanical characteristics of ligament injuries in the knee joint during impact in the upright position: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of stabilization splint pressure distribution in a patient with disc displacement without reduction: A preliminary study.
Title: Influence of Tibial Component Design Features and Interference Fit on Implant-Bone Micromotion in Total Ankle Replacement: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Morphological characteristics of talocalcaneal coalitions: Anatomical observation, finite element analysis and clinical application.
Title: Combining the probabilistic finite element model and artificial neural network to study nutrient levels in the human intervertebral discs.
Title: Comparison of Early Postoperative Stress Distribution around Short and Tapered Wedge Stems in Femurs with Different Femoral Marrow Cavity Geometries Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effects of loading processes on contact forces when simulating static seating with a finite element human body model.
Title: Biomechanical Study of Atlanto-occipital Instability in Type II Basilar Invagination: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical study of the stability of posterior cervical expansive open-door laminoplasty combined with bilateral C4/5 foraminotomy and short-segment lateral mass screw fixation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Dynamic analysis of a NiTi rotary file by using finite element analysis: Effect of cross-section and pitch length.
Title: Intelligent Optimization Method of Piezoelectric Ejection System Design Based on Finite Element Simulation and Neural Network.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Residual Stress in Laser Additive Manufactured Functionally Gradient Materials Based on Bessel Heat Source Model.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Opening Angle Response of Porcine Aortas Using Layer Specific GAG Distributions in One and Two Layered Solid Matrices.
Title: Finite element study on the mechanism of the influence of pretension force and block strength on the shear resistance of the anchor cable with C-shaped tube.
Title: Comparison of three implant systems under preload loss: A finite element analysis validated by digital image correlation methods.
Title: Cantilever-aided bodily protraction of a mandibular molar with clear aligner: A finite element analysis.
Title: Heterogeneous biomechanical/mathematical modeling of spatial prediction of glioblastoma progression using magnetic resonance imaging-based finite element method.
Title: How accurately do finite element models predict the fall impact response of ex vivo specimens augmented by prophylactic intramedullary nailing?
Title: Distribution characteristics of stress on the vertebrae following different ranges of excision during Modified Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion: A correlation study based on finite element analysis.
Title: Modal test and finite element updating of sprayer boom truss.
Title: Stress Analysis of Periodontal Tissue in en Masse Retraction With Integration of Maxillary Anterior Teeth: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Method Study.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the impact of access cavity preparation on first molar fracture resistance: A scoping review.
Title: Optimal positions of clear aligner attachments to achieve lower canine tipping and bodily movement using finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Stress and Deformation in Bone Caused by CFR-PEEK, Titanium, and Zirconia Ceramic Implants.
Title: Applications of Finite Element Analysis in Endodontics: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Comparative Study of the Influence of Dental Implant Design on the Stress and Strain Distribution using the Finite Element Method.
Title: A finite element analysis of patellofemoral joint biomechanics: Exploring potential causes of postoperative anterior knee pain following unicompartmental knee arthroplasty.
Title: [Finite element analysis of anatomic plate fixation for proximal clavicular fractures].
Title: Finite element analysis of distraction osteogenesis with a new extramedullary internal distractor.
Title: Material Performance Evaluation for Customized Orthoses: Compression, Flexural, and Tensile Tests Combined with Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of Framework Material and Abutment Configuration on Fatigue Performance in Dental Implant Systems: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Evaluation of Treatment Protocols in Surgically Assisted Rapid Maxillary Expansion by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Cold-Source Composite Welding Repair of 9Cr2Mo Thick-Walled Parts: Microstructure, Mechanical Properties, and Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Impact of Regular and Irregular Pore Distributions on the Elasticity of Porous Materials: A Microstructure-Free Finite Element Study.
Title: Mechanism of Rock Mass Detachment Using Undercutting Anchors: A Numerical Finite Element Method (FEM) Analysis.
Title: Multiscale Analysis of Sandwich Beams with Polyurethane Foam Core: A Comparative Study of Finite Element Methods and Radial Point Interpolation Method.
Title: The Role of Bone and Root Resorption on the Biomechanical Behavior of Mandibular Anterior Teeth Subjected to Orthodontic Forces: A Finite Element Approach.
Title: Structural design and experimental verification of a thin-walled plastic chairs based on the finite element method.
Title: Finite element modeling of an intact and cracked mandibular second molar under quantitative percussion diagnostics loading.
Title: Finite element analysis and optimization studies on tibia implant of SS 316L steel and Ti6Al4V alloy.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of the effect of postero-latero-central tibial plateau fractures in the knee joint: Can posterior soft tissues prevent instability? A finite element study.
Title: Influence of articular cartilage sample geometry on mechanical response and properties using finite element simulation.
Title: When more is more: Utilizing finite element analysis to assess chest wall injury stability after surgical stabilization of all rib fractures versus only a portion of the rib fractures.
Title: Modular Hemipelvic Prosthesis Preserves Normal Biomechanics and Showed Good Compatibility: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution of Pediatric Zirconia and Stainless Steel Crowns after Pulpotomy Procedure under Vertical Loading: A Patient-Specific Finite Element Analysis.
Title: An Objective Injury Threshold for the Maximum Principal Strain Criterion for Brain Tissue in the Finite Element Head Model and Its Application.
Title: A Finite Element Method Study of Stress Distribution in Dental Hard Tissues: Impact of Access Cavity Design and Restoration Material.
Title: Investigation of the hydrostatic and plastic zones in hardness measurement using finite element simulation.
Title: Two versus three magnesium screws for osteosynthesis of mandibular condylar head fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis in the Dental Sciences: A Bibliometric and a Visual Study.
Title: Effect of Posterior Decompression on the Spinal Cord of Thoracic Ossification of the Posterior Longitudinal Ligament: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Validation of finite-element-simulated orthodontic forces produced by thermoplastic aligners: Effect of aligner geometry and creep.
Title: Evaluation of lap belt-pelvis load transfer in frontal impact simulations using finite element occupant models.
Title: Biomechanical modelling of indirect decompression in oblique lumbar intervertebral fusions - A finite element study.
Title: Evaluating mechanical and biological responses of bipolymeric drug-chitosan-hydroxyapatite scaffold for wounds: Fabrication, characterization, and finite element analysis.
Title: Development, calibration and validation of impact-specific cervical spine models: A novel approach using hybrid multibody and finite-element methods.
Title: Finite element analysis of non-ultraviolet and ultraviolet-irradiated titanium implants.
Title: Finite element model reveals the involvement of cartilage endplate in quasi-static biomechanics of intervertebral disc degeneration.
Title: Biomechanical differences of three cephalic fixation methods for patients with basilar invagination and atlantoaxial dislocation in the setting of congenital atlas occipitalization: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical characteristic differences of two new types of intramedullary nail devices in the treatment of comminuted intertrochanteric fractures of femur: a comparative study based on finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis part 2 of 2: Glenohumeral bone stress distribution depends on implant configuration for anatomic and reverse stemless shoulder implants.
Title: Finite element analysis part 1 of 2: Influence of short stem implant polyethylene configuration on glenohumeral joint biomechanics.
Title: The biomechanical evaluation of metacarpal fractures fixation methods during finger movements: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis and 
Title: Comparison of full-arch mandibular reconstruction with dental implants using completely splinted or segmentally splinted prostheses with two different occlusal schemes: A finite-element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Study of Three Cannulated Screws Configurations for Femur Neck Fracture: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Study on visualization of impact damage characteristics of honey peaches based on finite element method.
Title: Comparison of the Effects of Different Palatal Morphology on Maxillary Expansion via RME and MSE: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of electromagnetic middle-ear implant simulating sites on the stapes spatial motion: A finite element analysis.
Title: The effects of simvastatin on the bone microstructure and mechanics of ovariectomized mice: a micro-CT and micro-finite element analysis study.
Title: [Effects of clear aligners combined with maxillary protractor on mixed dentition patient with skeletal class Ⅲ malocclusion: a finite element study].
Title: Material properties and finite element analysis of adhesive cements used for zirconia crowns on dental implants.
Title: Implications of using simplified finite element meshes to identify material parameters of articular cartilage.
Title: Finite element analysis of three internal fixations for the posteromedial split fracture fragment in tibial plateau fractures.
Title: Evaluation of Stresses Generated with Two Different Self-Ligating Orthodontic Bracket Systems - A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The impact of toe spring and foot strike angle on forefoot running biomechanics: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical optimization of the magnesium alloy bionic cannulated screw for stabilizing femoral neck fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Comment on permeability conditions in finite element simulation of bone fracture healing.
Title: Finite Element Modeling and Calibration of a Three-Span Continuous Suspension Bridge Based on Loop Adjustment and Temperature Correction.
Title: Influence of Connector Design on Displacement and Micromotion in Tooth-Implant Fixed Partial Dentures Using Different Lengths and Diameters: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Study.
Title: Study on Joint Model Simplification for Finite Element Analysis of Bamboo/Wood-Oriented Strand Board Furniture.
Title: Parametric Analysis of Critical Buckling in Composite Laminate Structures under Mechanical and Thermal Loads: A Finite Element and Machine Learning Approach.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of the Dynamic Response of Plywood.
Title: Towards a Direct Consideration of Microstructure Deformation during Dynamic Recrystallisation Simulations with the Use of Coupled Random Cellular Automata-Finite Element Model.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Structure and Working Principle of Solid-State Shear Milling (S3M) Equipment.
Title: Application of Numerical Modeling and Finite Element Analysis in Fused Filament Fabrication: A Review.
Title: A Comprehensive Review on Finite Element Analysis of Laser Shock Peening.
Title: Comparison of Bulk Polymeric Resin Composite and Hybrid Glass Ionomer Cement in Adhesive Class I Dental Restorations: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of endplate sagittal coverage change on cervical disc replacement: a finite element analysis.
Title: Defining biomechanical principles in pre-surgical infant orthopedics in a real cleft finite element model.
Title: Finite element and experimental modeling of jaw movement-induced deformations in the human earcanal.
Title: Finite element modeling of plasmonic resonances in photothermal gold nanoparticles embedded in cells.
Title: Computer Modelling Study of Volume Kinetics in Intraocular Segments Following Airbag Impact Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Applying a trauma custom bridge system to reconstruct critical-sized femoral and tibial defects: Finite element analysis, osseointegration, and clinical outcomes.
Title: Comparative biomechanical study of different screw fixation methods for minimally invasive hallux valgus surgery: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis and surrogate-optimized design of a nature-inspired auxetic stent.
Title: Patient-specific finite element analysis of four different fixation methods for transversely unstable radial head fractures.
Title: Influence of connection design and material properties on stress distribution and fatigue lifetime of zygomatic implants: A finite element analysis.
Title: Multidepth quantitative analysis of liver cell viscoelastic properties: Fusion of nanoindentation and finite element modeling techniques.
Title: Full-Wave Image Reconstruction in Transcranial Photoacoustic Computed Tomography Using a Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite element models: A road to in-silico modeling in the age of personalized dentistry.
Title: Biomechanical study of spinal cord and nerve root in idiopathic scoliosis: based on finite element analysis.
Title: Author Correction: Non-linear finite element analysis of SFRC beam-column joints under cyclic loading: enhancing ductility and structural integrity.
Title: Finite-element analysis of different fixation types after Enneking II + III pelvic tumor resection.
Title: Insights into particle dispersion and damage mechanisms in functionally graded metal matrix composites with random microstructure-based finite element model.
Title: Effect of several nickel-titanium rotary systems on stress distribution in mandibular molars under occlusal forces: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Assessment of a Novel Patient-Specific Mandibular Implant for Severely Atrophic Ridge.
Title: The Effects of Different Attachment Types and Positions on Rotation Movement in Clear Aligner Treatments: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Semi-automated finite element analyses of surgically treated acetabular fractures to investigate the biomechanical behaviour of patient-specific compared to conventional implants.
Title: An Automated and Robust Tool for Musculoskeletal and Finite Element Modeling of the Knee Joint.
Title: Evaluation of finite element modeling methods for predicting compression screw failure in a custom pelvic implant.
Title: A 3-Dimensional finite element analysis of patient-specific implant (with strut abutments) interface on stress concentration on the implant and surrounding bone in bilateral maxillary deformities.
Title: Comparison of stress distribution around splinted and nonsplinted implants with different crown height space in posterior mandible: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Biomechanical difference analysis of new and classic intramedullary nail devices in the treatment of basal femoral neck fractures: finite element analysis.
Title: How Does the Stress in the Fixation Device Change during Different Stages of Bone Healing in the Treatment of Fractures? A Finite Element Study of External Fixation for Tibial Fractures.
Title: Effect of Sclerosis Bands in Femoral Head Necrosis on Non-Vascularized Fibular Grafting-A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Protective Measures against Lateral Hinge Fractures in High-Tibial Osteotomy.
Title: Prediction of prognosis in supramalleolar osteotomy with or without additional fibula osteotomy by approaching a biomechanical study: a finite element analysis.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Modeling of the Singer's Formant Cluster Optimization by Epilaryngeal Narrowing With and Without Velopharyngeal Opening.
Title: [Study on direct ventricular assist loading mode based on a finite element method].
Title: Brain Tissue Strain During Adolescent Soccer Heading Using the Cloud-Based Brain Simulation Research Platform Finite Element Head Model.
Title: Nonanatomical reduction of femoral neck fractures in young patients with different Pauwels classifications: a retrospective study and finite element analysis.
Title: Bispherical metal augment improved biomechanical stability in severe acetabular deficiency reconstruction: a comparative finite element analysis.
Title: Performance analysis of high voltage disc insulators with different profiles in clean and polluted environments using flashover, withstand voltage tests and finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Biomechanical Analysis of Anterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion and Bilateral Expandable Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion Cages: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Evaluating the Feasibility of Short Dental Implants as Alternatives to Long Dental Implants in Mandibular Bone: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Method for computer tomography voxel-based finite element analysis and validation with digital image correlation system.
Title: Correlations between the Aging Behavior and Finite Element Method Simulation of Three Silicone Elastomers.
Title: Biomechanical Study of Symmetric Bending and Lifting Behavior in Weightlifter with Lumbar L4-L5 Disc Herniation and Physiological Straightening Using Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Enhancing the pull-out behavior of ribbed steel bars in CNT-modified UHPFRC using recycled steel fibers from waste tires: a multiscale finite element study.
Title: Examination of Various Abutment Designs Behavior Depending on Load Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution in Dental Implant Prosthesis and Surrounding Bone Using PEEK Abutments.
Title: Towards Design Optimization of Compliant Mechanisms: A Hybrid Pseudo-Rigid-Body Model-Finite Element Method Approach and an Accurate Empirical Compliance Equation for Circular Flexure Hinges.
Title: Stress Distribution Pattern of a Calculated Standardized Force on Maxillary and Mandibular Jaws with Proclined Maxillary Anterior Teeth with and without the Use of Mouthguard: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis Model for Magnetomotive Ultrasound Elastometry Magnet Design with Experimental Validation.
Title: Finite Element Approach for Rheological Behavior in Colloidal Electrolytes in Lithium-Ion Battery Performance.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of New Modified Three-dimensional Strut Miniplate versus Conventional Plating in Mandibular Symphysis and Angle Fractures - An 
Title: Role of intra-lamellar collagen and hyaluronan nanostructures in annulus fibrosus on lumbar spine biomechanics: insights from molecular mechanics-finite element-based multiscale analyses.
Title: Biomechanical changes of oblique lumbar interbody fusion with different fixation techniques in degenerative spondylolisthesis lumbar spine: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of different post materials and designs on upper central tooth torque and intrusion load: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Development of a continuum-based, meshless, finite element modeling approach for representation of trabecular bone indentation.
Title: Comparative analysis of internal fixation modalities for PER type IV ankle fractures: a finite element study.
Title: A finite element analysis on the indication for extracting partially impacted mandibular third molars considering mandibular trauma.
Title: Comparative biomechanical analysis of four different tooth- and bone-borne frog appliances for molar distalization : A three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Skin Deformation and Puncture for Microneedle Array Design.
Title: Validated 3D finite-element model of the Risso's dolphin (
Title: Distribution and propagation of stress and strain in cube honeycombs as trabecular bone substitutes: Finite element model analysis.
Title: Embedded finite element modeling of the mechanics of brain axonal fiber tracts under head impact conditions.
Title: Dentoalveolar effects of open-bite correction with the dual action vertical intra-arch technique: A finite element analysis.
Title: Optimizing restorative procedure and material selection for pulpotomized primary molars: Mechanical characterization by 3D finite element analysis.
Title: ACL reconstruction combined with anterolateral structures reconstruction for treating ACL rupture and knee injuries: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of feeding in red and gray squirrels (Sciurus vulgaris and Sciurus carolinensis).
Title: Is stability of femoral neck fractures in the inverted triangle configuration related to the angle between the fracture line and the cannulated compression screws? A finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of pelvic fixation strategies and multi-rod constructs on biomechanics of the proximal junction in long thoracolumbar posterior instrumented fusions: a finite-element analysis.
Title: Interior three-dimensional acoustic modeling and modal analysis using wavelet-based finite-element approach.
Title: Implant Design and Cervical Spinal Biomechanics and Neurorehabilitation: A Finite Element Investigation.
Title: Finite element analysis of fixation stability according to reduction position for internal fixation of intertrochanteric fractures.
Title: Motion reconstruction and finite element analysis of the temporomandibular joint during swallowing in healthy adults.
Title: Micro-osteoperforation for enhancement of orthodontic movement: A mechanical analysis using the finite element method.
Title: Finite element analysis of anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction techniques: A comparison of the mechanical properties of all-inside fixation and traditional fixation.
Title: The Effect of Different Abutment Designs and Materials on Stress Distribution in Implants and Peripheral Bones: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Homogenized finite element simulations can predict the primary stability of dental implants in human jawbone.
Title: Experimental and Finite Element Analysis of Compressive Strength and Diametral Tensile Strength of Luting Cement: An In Vitro Study.
Title: Long head of the biceps tendon plays a role in stress absorption and humeral head restriction during the late cocking and deceleration phases of overhead throwing: a finite element study.
Title: A finite element analysis of the effects of semipontic design on tooth movement during mesialization of the mandibular second molar with clear aligners.
Title: Stability of osteotomy in minimally invasive hallux valgus surgery with "8" shaped bandage during gait: a finite element analysis.
Title: Assessment of cranial reconstruction utilizing various implant materials: finite element study.
Title: Comparison of implant placement at crestal and subcrestal levels in aesthetic zone: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of fatigue life of commercially pure titanium clasps additively manufactured with different building orientations.
Title: Anterior percutaneous full-endoscopic transcorporeal decompression for cervical disc herniation: a finite element analysis and long-term follow-up study.
Title: Author Correction: Comparison of tibial fracture plate length, placement, and fibular integrity effects on plate integrity through finite element analysis.
Title: Finite-element modelling of interactions of needle with tympanic membrane and middle ear.
Title: Research on the Mechanical and Thermal Properties of Carbon-Fiber-Reinforced Rubber Based on a Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Analysis of Polymer-Ceramic Composites Performance on Electrical and Mechanical Properties through Finite Element and Empirical Models.
Title: Finite Element Simulation and Microstructural Analysis of Roll Forming for DP590 High-Strength Dual-Phase Steel Wheel Rims.
Title: Crystal Plasticity Finite Element Simulation of Grain Evolution Behavior in Aluminum Alloy Rolling.
Title: Design Factors of Ti-Base Abutments Related to the Biomechanics Behavior of Dental Implant Prostheses: Finite Element Analysis and Validation via In Vitro Load Creeping Tests.
Title: Prediction of Welding Deformation Using the Thermal Elastic-Plastic Finite Element Method by Considering Welding Interpass Temperature.
Title: Image-Based Hidden Damage Detection Method: Combining Stereo Digital Image Correlation and Finite Element Model Updating.
Title: Evaluation of the effect of different attachment configurations on molar teeth in maxillary expansion with clear aligners - a finite element analysis.
Title: Inter-laboratory reproduction and sensitivity study of a finite element model to quantify human femur failure load: Case of metastases.
Title: Numerical investigation of driver injury risks in car-to-end terminal crashes using a human finite element model.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Multi-segment Fixation on Lumbar Spine and Sacroiliac Joints: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A forecasting model for suitable dental implantation in canine mandibular premolar region based on finite element analysis.
Title: Development of a novel geometrically-parametric patient-specific finite element model for anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of an intramedullary nail combined with a reconstruction plate combination versus a single intramedullary nail in unstable intertrochanteric fractures with lateral femoral wall fracture: A finite element analysis.
Title: Physical activities aid in tumor prevention: A finite element study of bio-heat transfer in healthy and malignant breast tissues.
Title: Correction: Finite element analysis of mechanical stress in a cementless tapered-wedge short stem in the varus position.
Title: CT-based finite element simulating spatial bone damage accumulation predicts metastatic human vertebrae strength and stiffness.
Title: Finite element simulations of smart fracture plates capable of cyclic shortening and lengthening: which stroke for which fracture?
Title: Influence of the biomechanical evaluation of rupture using two shapes of same intramedullary implant after proximal interphalangeal joint arthrodesis to correct the claw/hammer pathology: A finite element study.
Title: Influence of prosthetic index structures and implant materials on stress distribution in implant restorations: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modeling of stress distribution and safety factors in a Ti-27Nb alloy hip implant under real-world physiological loading scenarios.
Title: Surgical parameters influence paediatric knee kinematics and cartilage stresses in anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: Navigating subject-specific variability using neuromusculoskeletal-finite element modelling analysis.
Title: Non-linear finite element analysis of SFRC beam-column joints under cyclic loading: enhancing ductility and structural integrity.
Title: Assessment by finite element analysis modelling of tissue strains associated with the use of two different nasogastric tube securement devices.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Different Prosthesis Types and Fixation Ranges in Multisegmental Total En Bloc Spondylectomy: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Clinical Applications of Transverse Post for the Rehabilitation of Endodontically Treated Teeth.
Title: Biomechanical characteristics of maxillary anterior incisor, conventional immediate implantation and socket shield technique - A finite element analysis and case report.
Title: Evaluating the biomechanical effects of pedicle subtraction osteotomy at different lumbar levels: a finite element investigation.
Title: Weak Galerkin finite element method for second order problems on curvilinear polytopal meshes with Lipschitz continuous edges or faces.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Bilateral Double Rod Constructs in Thoracolumbar Fractures.
Title: The effect of screw insertion configuration of Sinus Tarsi plate on biomechanical performance using finite element analysis.
Title: Torque expression of superelastic NiTi V-Slot and conventional stainless steel orthodontic bracket-archwire combinations - A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of precise puncture vertebral augmentation in the treatment of different types of osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures.
Title: Biomechanical effects of deltoid muscle atrophy on rotator cuff tissue: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of a novel anatomical plate in posterolateral plateau fractures.
Title: Studying the Influence of Finite Element Mesh Size on the Accuracy of Ventricular Tachycardia Simulation.
Title: Stress induced on permanent mandible first molar and space maintainer under normal masticatory forces: a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical study between percutaneous vertebroplasty combined with cement pedicle plasty improves vertebral biomechanical stability: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of stabilization for thoracolumbar anterior spinal failure caused by osteolytic lesions, a finite element comparison of direct lateral corpectomy and posterior long segment instrumentation.
Title: Biomechanical assessment of lumbar stability: finite element analysis of TLIF with a novel combination of coflex and pedicle screws.
Title: Biomechanical finite element analysis of various tibial plateau posterior tilt angles in medial unicondylar knee arthroplasty.
Title: Finite element modeling of active cracking in actively reinforced concrete pavement slab exposed to fluctuating temperature.
Title: Morphological human bone features and demography controlling damage accumulation and fracture: a finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Simulation Model of Metallic Thermal Conductivity Detectors for Compact Air Pollution Monitoring Devices.
Title: Comparison of Left Ventricular Function Derived from Subject-Specific Inverse Finite Element Modeling Based on 3D ECHO and Magnetic Resonance Images.
Title: Effect of Sextant Fixating Angle of Spiral Clavicle Plate on Biomechanical Stability-A Preliminary Finite Element Study.
Title: Mixture Theory-Based Finite Element Approach for Analyzing the Edematous Condition of Biological Soft Tissues.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Cervical Spine Kinematic Response during Ejection Utilising a Hill-Type Dynamic Muscle Model.
Title: Using Finite Element Models to Assess Spinal Cord Biomechanics after Cervical Laminoplasty for Degenerative Cervical Myelopathy.
Title: Research on finite element simulation and full-scale-vehicle crash test of B750HL bridge barrier.
Title: In-silico CT lung phantom generated from finite-element mesh.
Title: Comparison of biomechanical effects of polyetheretherketone (PEEK) rods and titanium rods in lumbar long-segment instrumentation: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of four different screw placements for Letenneur type Ⅰ Hoffa fractures.
Title: Simulation of ultrasound backscatter coefficient measurement using the finite element method.
Title: Torque moments and stress analysis in two passive self-ligating brackets across different incisor inclinations: A 3-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Finite element simulation and experimental validation of thermal damage to isolated porcine skin tissue by femtosecond laser welding.
Title: Influence of muscle soft tissue and lower limbs on the vibration behavior of the entire spine inside the seated human body: A finite element study.
Title: Tricortical versus bicortical anchorage in a double-screw tandem skeletal expander and a single-screw maxillary anchorage rapid palatal expander: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the effects of different archwire forms and power arm positions on maxillary incisors in 
Title: Pain-related analysis on a resorbed ridge with various denture occlusal schemes using finite element method.
Title: Accuracy and efficiency of finite element head models: The role of finite element formulation and material laws.
Title: Real-time prediction of postoperative spinal shape with machine learning models trained on finite element biomechanical simulations.
Title: Biomechanics of Dental Implantation in the Giant Panda (
Title: Finite element analysis and biomechanical study of "sandwich" fixation in the treatment of elderly proximal humerus fractures.
Title: Effect of forefoot transverse arch stiffness on foot biomechanical response--based on finite element method.
Title: Optimization of cantilever piezoelectric harvester to triangular shape with material reduction using finite element analysis.
Title: Analysis of load distribution on the plate and lateral hinge of a valgus opening high tibial osteotomy during weight-bearing: a finite element analysis.
Title: Optimal tooth sectioning using a surgical handpiece and elevator: a finite element study of horizontally deeply impacted mandibular third molars.
Title: A Comparative Evaluation of Stress Distribution Around Different Widths of Implant and Bony Interface in Function During Axial and Non-axial Loading: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of force direction and impaction angulation during dilaceration impacted central incisor traction: a finite element analysis.
Title: Screw placement through a higher medial portal provides better initial stability in arthroscopic ACL tibial avulsion fracture fixation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of patient specificity on predicting knee cartilage degeneration in obese adults: Musculoskeletal finite-element modeling of data from the CAROT trial.
Title: A novel nanohydroxyapatite/polyamide 66 strut for reducing subsidence after one-level anterior cervical corpectomy and fusion: a finite-element study.
Title: An innovative anti-rotation tension band wiring for treating transverse patellar fractures: finite element analysis and mechanical testing.
Title: Effect of Implant-Abutment Connection and Abutment Angulations on Peri-implant Stress Levels: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Designing Novel Endodontic Implants and Evaluation of the Stress Distribution in Maxillary Anteriors Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of endodontic access cavity design on mechanical properties of a first mandibular premolar tooth: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Using a statistical shape model to estimate the knee landmarks for aligning femurs for femoral finite element models.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element modeling of glenoid bone loss and baseplate fixation in reverse total shoulder arthroplasty.
Title: Nanomechanical inhomogeneities in CVA-deposited titanium nitride thin films: Nanoindentation and finite element method investigations.
Title: Programmed system for fatigue life prediction of excavator turntables based on multi-body dynamics and finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of solder void on mechanical and thermal properties of flip-chip light-emitting diode: Statistical analysis based on finite element modeling.
Title: Finite element models with automatic computed tomography bone segmentation for failure load computation.
Title: Real-time optimization of prosthetic design for complete arch implant-supported treatments using finite element-based machine learning.
Title: A finite element study on the risk of bone loss around posterior short implants in an atrophic mandible.
Title: Integrating machine learning and the finite element method for assessing stiffness degradation in photovoltaic modules.
Title: Morphology-Driven Nanofiller Size Measurement Integrated with Micromechanical Finite Element Analysis for Quantifying Interphase in Polymer Nanocomposites.
Title: [Compressive stress in three types of finishing lines with lithium disilicate crowns in permanent teeth: finite element analysis].
Title: Finite element analysis of the treatment of a minimally invasive approach combined with a novel anatomical locking plate for scapular body fractures.
Title: Revealing Detailed Cartilage Function Through Nanoparticle Diffusion Imaging: A Computed Tomography & Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite element simulation of treatment with locking plate for distal fibula fractures.
Title: Comparison of the use of biocompatible materials and titanium in the treatment of midshaft clavicle fractures with a patient-specific plate: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Evaluation of Different Subperiosteal Implant Thicknesses on Mechanical Strength and Stress on Bone by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Corticopedicular Spine Fixation versus Pedicle Screw Fixation in a Lumbar Degenerative Spondylolisthesis Finite Element Analysis Model.
Title: Optimizing the compression resistance of low-nickel stainless steel coronary stents using finite element and response surface methodology.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of various internal fracture fixation devices used for treating femoral neck fractures: A comparative finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison between low profile 2.7 mm distal locking hook plate and 3.5 mm distal locking hook plate for acromioclavicular joint injury: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element solution of coupled multiphysics reaction-diffusion equations for fracture healing in hard biological tissues.
Title: Integration of Finite Element Analysis and Laboratory Analysis on 3D Models for Methodology Calibration.
Title: Exploring Polymer-Based Additive Manufacturing for Cost-Effective Stamping Devices: A Feasibility Study with Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Strength Optimisation of Hybrid Bolted/Bonded Composite Joints Based on Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Densification Process in High Velocity Compaction of Iron-Based Powder.
Title: The effect of large channel-based foraminoplasty on lumbar biomechanics in percutaneous endoscopic discectomy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of fatigue lifetime of new generation CAD/CAM crown materials on zirconia and titanium abutments in implant-supported crowns: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of stress distributions in endodontically treated anterior incisors under occlusal and trauma-induced forces following various restoration treatments: A finite element analysis.
Title: Stress distribution pattern in two different no-post systems in endodontically treated maxillary central incisors: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Quantifying the effects of five rehabilitation training methods on the ability of elderly men to control bowel movements: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Effect of cortical bone thickness on shear stress and force in orthodontic miniscrew-bone interface - A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of screw and cement placement strategies for treating medial uncontained tibial defects in total knee arthroplasty: A finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of different tooth movement patterns and aligner thicknesses on maxillary arch expansion with clear aligners: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Multi-objective optimization of custom implant abutment design for enhanced bone remodeling in single-crown implants using 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Development of a Novel Soft Tissue Measurement Device for Individualized Finite Element Modeling in Custom-Fit CPAP Mask Evaluation.
Title: Enhancing the Unicompartmental Knee Arthroplasty Safety via Finite Element Analysis of Coronary Plane Alignment: A Case Report.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of ortho-bridge system and proximal femoral nail antirotation in intertrochanteric fractures with lateral wall fracture based on finite element analysis.
Title: Extended finite element analysis for the 2
Title: Evaluating three internal fixation techniques for Pauwels III femoral neck fractures via finite element analysis.
Title: Efficient High-Order Space-Angle-Energy Polytopic Discontinuous Galerkin Finite Element Methods for Linear Boltzmann Transport.
Title: Finite element analysis of a three-dimensional cervical spine model with muscles based on CT scan data.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of the tandem spinal external fixation in a multiple-level noncontiguous lumbar fractures model: a finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the biomechanical behaviour of different dental implants under immediate loading during three masticatory cycles.
Title: Finite element analysis of hip fracture risk in elderly female: The effects of soft tissue shape, fall direction, and interventions.
Title: Effectiveness of different intrusion modes of maxillary anterior teeth with mini-implants in clear aligner treatment: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Probabilistic Finite Element Analysis of Human Rib Biomechanics: A Framework for Improved Generalizability.
Title: [Oblique Lumbar Interbody Fusion Combined With 4-Screw Fixation for Treating Two-Level Degenerative Lumbar Diseases:A Finite Element Study].
Title: Effect of Aligning Forces by Two Preadjusted Edgewise Techniques on a Buccally Positioned Maxillary Canine at Varying Vertical Displacements: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Investigation of Different Miniscrew Head Designs by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of mechanical stress in a cementless tapered-wedge short stem in the varus position.
Title: Biomechanical characterization of the central fibrous region of the forearm interosseous Membrane: Implications for finite element modeling.
Title: Correction: Refractive changes of a new asymmetric intracorneal ring segment with variable thickness and base width: A 2D finite-element model.
Title: An Unfitted Finite Element Poisson-Boltzmann Solver with Automatic Resolving of Curved Molecular Surface.
Title: Effect of Second and Third Molar Eruption Stages on First Molar and Maxillary Arch Distalization With Modified Palatal Anchorage Plate and Beneslider: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of different occlusal materials on peri-implant stress distribution with different osseointegration condition: A finite element analysis.
Title: Characterisation of human penile tissue properties using experimental testing combined with multi-target inverse finite element modelling.
Title: Optimal untwisting of the orbital bandeau in unicoronal craniosynostosis correction: A finite element analysis.
Title: Inverse finite element analysis for an axisymmetric model of vertical tooth extraction.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Titanium and Carbon Fiber- Reinforced PEEK as Dental Implant Materials: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Storage-induced mechanical changes of porcine lenses assessed with optical coherence elastography and inverse finite element modeling.
Title: Comparative study of a novel proximal femoral bionic nail and three conventional cephalomedullary nails for reverse obliquity intertrochanteric fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the mechanical behavior of 3D printed orthodontic attachments used in aligner treatment.
Title: Can physics-informed neural networks beat the finite element method?
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Plastic Deformation in Ultrasonic Vibration Superimposed Face Milling of Steel X46Cr13.
Title: A Finite Element Model for Simulating Stress Responses of Permeable Road Pavement.
Title: A Novel Finite Element-Based Method for Predicting the Permeability of Heterogeneous and Anisotropic Porous Microstructures.
Title: Assessment of Thermal Osteonecrosis during Bone Drilling Using a Three-Dimensional Finite Element Model.
Title: Advancements in Finite Element Modeling for Cardiac Device Leads and 3D Heart Models.
Title: Dislodgment Effects of Different Cage Arrangements in Posterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Determining the changes in morphology and loading status following medial displacement calcaneal osteotomy for flatfoot using patient-specific finite element models.
Title: Evaluating the Mechanical Strength of 3-Dimensionally Printed Implants in Septorhinoplasty through Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Variations in dietary patterns of living sloths revealed by finite element analysis of jaws.
Title: Effect of cement volume on biomechanical response of a spine segment treated with a PEEK polymer implant: a finite element comparative study with vertebroplasty.
Title: [Finite element analysis of the impact of bone mass and volume of low-density area under tibial plateau on lower limb alignment].
Title: Finite element analysis of a low modulus Ti-20Zr-3Mo-3Sn alloy designed to reduce the stress shielding effect of a hip prosthesis.
Title: Unveiling interactions between intervertebral disc morphologies and mechanical behavior through personalized finite element modeling.
Title: Comparison of tibial fracture plate length, placement, and fibular integrity effects on plate integrity through finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Zygomatic Implant Versus Pterygoid Implant in Atrophic Maxilla: An In vitro Finite Element Study.
Title: Static study and numerical simulation of the influence of cement distribution in the upper and lower adjacent vertebrae on sandwich vertebrae in osteoporotic patients: Finite element analysis.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of lumbar disc herniation under different body positions].
Title: A biomechanical investigation of miniscrews placed on a mandible for temporary anchorage; a patient-specific finite element analysis.
Title: 3D finite element modeling of earplug-induced occlusion effect in the human ear.
Title: Effect of geometrical design variables on implantation configuration and fixation stiffness of titling bone anchors: A parametric finite element study.
Title: Effect of compressive and tensile forces on glucose concentration and cell viability within the intervertebral disc: A finite element study.
Title: Comparison of the biomechanical behavior between commercial and 3D-printed patient-specific Ti6Al4V L-Shaped titanium plates following le fort i osteotomy using finite element analysis: A technical Note.
Title: Constitutive model for shape memory polymer and its thermodynamic responses in finite element analysis.
Title: Calculating transmembrane voltage on the electric pulse-affected cancerous cell membrane: using molecular dynamics and finite element simulations.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of single and multi-level artificial disc replacement (ADR) in cervical spine using multi-scale loadings: A finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of endoscopic cross-overtop decompression for single-segment lumbar spinal stenosis based on real clinical cases.
Title: Effects of different intrusion patterns during anterior teeth retraction using clear aligners in extraction cases: an iterative finite element analysis.
Title: Coupled membranes: a mechanism of frequency filtering and transmission in the field cricket ear evidenced by micro-computed tomography, laser Doppler vibrometry and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of meniscus contact mechanical behavior based on kinematic simulation of abnormal gait.
Title: Biomechanical Effects on the Prostheses and Vertebrae of Three-Level Hybrid Surgery: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Proximal cementation of a collarless polished tapered hip stem: biomechanical analysis using a validated finite element model.
Title: Does the novel artificial cervical joint complex resolve the conflict between stability and mobility after anterior cervical surgery? a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of porcine lens capsule with and without nucleus after capsulotomy - Finite element analysis.
Title: Estimating Brain Injury Risk from Shipborne Underwater Blasts Using a High-fidelity Finite Element Head Model.
Title: Directional sensitivity of bone conduction stimulation on the otic capsule in a finite element model of the human temporal bone.
Title: The effect of body weight on the knee joint biomechanics based on subject-specific finite element-musculoskeletal approach.
Title: Functionally graded bi-material interface for Porcelain Veneered Zirconia dental crowns: A study using viscoelastic finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis for Degenerative Cervical Myelopathy: Scoping Review of the Current Findings and Design Approaches, Including Recommendations on the Choice of Material Properties.
Title: Cryotherapy Treatment Effect on Heat-Treated Nickel-Titanium (NiTi) Rotary Single-File System: An In Vitro Comparative Study by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Advancements in health informatics: finite element insights into medial open-wedge high tibial osteotomy and lateral meniscal tears.
Title: Risk of internal fixation treatment in intertrochanteric fracture based on different lateral femoral wall thickness: finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of MPFL reconstruction in a pediatric patient.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Stem Extension of Tibial Components for Medial Tibial Bone Defects in Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Evaluation of stress distribution of different marginal designs on PEEK and PEKK substructure materials, cortical and cancellous Bone:A finite element analysis.
Title: Does spinopelvic alignment affect femoral head cartilage and the proximal femoral physis in slipped capital femoral epiphysis? A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of pulse sharpening effect of gyromagnetic nonlinear transmission line based on Landau-Lifshitz-Gilbert equation.
Title: Comparative Finite Element (FE) Analysis of the Mechanical Behavior in an Innovative Nitinol Staple for Arthrodesis in Distal Interphalangeal Joint.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the optimal mechanical design for maximum inward movement of the anterior teeth with clear aligners.
Title: Effect of different ulnar osteotomies on loading of the distal radioulnar joint: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of fixation methods for bone flap repositioning after lateral orbitotomy approach: A finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of age-related bone density changes on primary stability in stemless shoulder arthroplasty: a multi-implant finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of adjacent segments after correction surgery for adult idiopathic scoliosis: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of different expansion appliances and surgical incisions on maxillary expansion: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of a generalized rotating FGM vessel subjected to thermo-mechanical loadings: Effect of Poisson ratio and inhomogeneity parameters.
Title: A finite element analysis of a low-profile femoral neck system of screws in sleeves in a vertical femoral neck fracture model.
Title: Knee-Loading Predictions with Neural Networks Improve Finite Element Modeling Classifications of Knee Osteoarthritis: Data from the Osteoarthritis Initiative.
Title: Finite Element Analysis: Connector Designs and Pontic Stress Distribution of Fixed Partial Denture Implant-Supported Metal Framework.
Title: Effect of margin designs and loading conditions on the stress distribution of endocrowns: a finite element analysis.
Title: Double Reinforcing Strategy with Perpendicular Plate of Ethmoid in Asian Secondary Unilateral Cleft Rhinoplasty: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effects of Oral Appliances for Obstructive Sleep Apnoea in Reduced Periodontium: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Dental Versus Zygomatic Implants in the Treatment of Maxillectomy: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A finite element model for predicting impact-induced damage to a skin simulant.
Title: Sensitivity of knee cartilage biomechanics in finite element analysis to selected Musculoskeletal models.
Title: Stress distribution in endodontically treated external cervical resorption lesions restored with MTA and biodentine - A finite element analysis.
Title: What is the Optimal Nail Length to Treat Osteoporotic Subtrochanteric Fractures? A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Anterolateral Dual Plate Fixation for Distal Metaphyseal-Diaphyseal Junction Fractures of the Humerus: Biomechanical Finite Element Analysis with Clinical Results.
Title: Fully Automated Construction of Three-dimensional Finite Element Simulations from Optical Coherence Tomography.
Title: Comparing regularized Kelvinlet functions and the finite element method for registration of medical images to sparse organ data.
Title: Biomechanical role of bone grafting for calcaneal fracture fixation in the presence of bone defect: A finite element analysis.
Title: Structural modification and biomechanical analysis of lumbar disc prosthesis: A finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Pelvic Floor Biomechanical Models to Elucidate the Mechanism for Improving Urination and Defecation Dysfunction in Older Adults: Protocol for a Model Development and Validation Study.
Title: Addressing Model Uncertainties in Finite Element Simulation of Electrically Stimulated Implants for Critical-Size Mandibular Defects.
Title: Evaluating stress and displacement in the craniomandibular complex using Twin Block appliances at varied angles: A finite element study.
Title: Mechanical effect of changed femoral neck ante-version angles on the stability of an intertrochanteric fracture fixed with PFNA: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical study of a biplanar double support screw (BDSF) technique based on Pauwels angle in femoral neck fractures: finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Trapezoidal Thread Screw-Rod Fixation in Pedicle Section of Cervical Spine: A Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Postoperative Stability of Transverse Scaphoid Waist Fracture.
Title: Comparison of the biomechanical properties of grafts in three anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction techniques based on three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of polyetheretherketone rods and titanium alloy rods in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: The C2 isthmus screw provided sufficient biomechanical stability in the setting of atlantoaxial dislocation-a finite element study.
Title: Dataset of Finite Element Models of Normal and Deformed Thoracolumbar Spine.
Title: Characterization of mechanical stress in the occurrence of cortical opacification in age-related cataracts using three-dimensional finite element model of the human lens and RNA-seq.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Orbital Development: A Finite Element Analysis by an Experimentally Validated Model.
Title: Performance parametric formulation of carbon fiber-reinforced composite locking bone implant plates based on finite-element analysis.
Title: A comparative finite element analysis of titanium, poly-ether-etherketone, and zirconia abutment on stress distribution around maxillary anterior implants.
Title: Construction of multi-component finite element model to predict biomechanical behaviour of breasts during running and quantification of the stiffness impact of internal structure.
Title: Optimizing functionally graded tibial components for total knee replacements: a finite element analysis and multi-objective optimization study.
Title: Voronoi cell finite element method for heat conduction analysis of composite materials.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Different Surgical Strategies for Skip-level Cervical Degenerative Disc Disease: A Finite Element Study.
Title: A semi-automated pipeline for finite element modeling of electric field induced in nonhuman primates by transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Title: Interpretation of Frequency Effect for High-Strength Steels with Three Different Strength Levels via Crystal Plasticity Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Manufacturing Deformation in Polymer Matrix Composites.
Title: Dimension Prediction and Microstructure Study of Wire Arc Additive Manufactured 316L Stainless Steel Based on Artificial Neural Network and Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Comparative Biomechanical Stability of the Fixation of Different Miniplates in Restorative Laminoplasty after Laminectomy: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of a Rib Cage Model: Influence of Four Variables on Fatigue Life during Simulated Manual CPR.
Title: Postmortem Digital Image Correlation and Finite Element Modeling Demonstrate Posterior Scleral Deformations during Optic Nerve Adduction Tethering.
Title: Effect of Plate Configuration in the Primary Stability of Osteotomies and Biological Reconstructions of Femoral Defects: Finite-Element Study.
Title: Finite element graft stress for anteromedial portal, transtibial, and hybrid transtibial femoral drillings under anterior translation and medial rotation: an exploratory study.
Title: Finite element analysis of implanted lumbar spine: Effects of open laminectomy plus PLF and open laminectomy plus TLIF surgical approaches on L3-L4 FSU.
Title: Do expandable cage size and number of cages matter in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion at L5-S1? A comparative biomechanical analysis using finite element modeling.
Title: A Novel Internal Fixation Design for the Treatment of AO/OTA-31A3.3 Intertrochanteric Fractures: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effects of trimline cut in ankle foot orthosis: An experimental and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of patient-specific additive-manufactured implants.
Title: Comparison of biomechanical performance of titanium and polyaryletheretherketone miniscrews at different insertion angles: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical assessment of mandibular fracture fixation using finite element analysis validated by polymeric mandible mechanical testing.
Title: A finite element analysis of periodontal ligament fluid mechanics response to occlusal loading based on hydro-mechanical coupling model.
Title: The I-PREDICT 50th Percentile Male Warfighter Finite Element Model: Development and Validation of the Thoracolumbar Spine.
Title: [Hip joint biomechanical analysis of the acetabular anatomical reconstruction and nonanatomical reconstruction in total hip arthroplasty for Crowe type Ⅲ developmental dysplasia of the hip by finite element method].
Title: Exploring the bio-mechanical behavior of PEEK and CFR-PEEK materials for dental implant applications using finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical investigation of a customized interspinous spacer system in the treatment of degenerative disc diseases: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis using finite element analysis of orbital floor fractures reproduced in a realistic experimental environment with an anatomical model.
Title: The effect of suboccipital muscle dysfunction on the biomechanics of the upper cervical spine: a study based on finite element analysis.
Title: Identification of excessive contact pressures under hand orthosis based on finite element analysis.
Title: Adding mechanobiological cell features to finite element analysis of an immediately loaded dental implant.
Title: The extended finite element method in endodontics: A scoping review and future directions for cyclic fatigue testing of nickel-titanium instruments.
Title: Finite element analysis of proximal femur bionic nail for treating intertrochanteric fractures in osteoporotic bone.
Title: Simulation of Changes in Tensile Strain by Airbag Impact on Eyes After Trabeculectomy by Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Identification of the effective crane hook's cross-section by incorporating finite element method and programming language.
Title: A hybrid boundary element-finite element approach for solving the EEG forward problem in brain modeling.
Title: Incorporating pathological gait into patient-specific finite element models of the haemophilic ankle.
Title: Numerical study of pedicle screw construction and locking compression plate fixation in posterior pelvic ring injuries: Analyzed by finite element method.
Title: Finite element analysis of the effect of framework material and thickness on the biomechanical performance of 'All‑on‑Four' full-arch prosthesis.
Title: Comparative analysis of mechanical conditions in bone union following first metatarsophalangeal joint arthrodesis with varied locking plate positions: A finite element analysis.
Title: Investigation into the effect of deltoid ligament injury on rotational ankle instability using a three-dimensional ankle finite element model.
Title: The impact of disc degeneration on the dynamic characteristics of the lumbar spine: a finite element analysis.
Title: Establishing Standardization Guidelines For Finite-Element Optomechanical Simulations of Refractive Laser Surgeries: An Application to Photorefractive Keratectomy.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Six Internal Fixations in the Treatment of Pauwels Type III Femoral Neck Fracture.
Title: Analysis of prefabricated myofunctional appliances with different overjet and bumper designs: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Anterior Implant-Supported Restorations with Different CAD-CAM Restorative Materials.
Title: Investigating the effect of anatomical variations in the response of the neonatal brachial plexus to applied force: Use of a two-dimensional finite element model.
Title: Biomechanical effects of muscle loading on early healing of femoral stem fractures: a combined musculoskeletal dynamics and finite element approach.
Title: Biomechanical impact of different isthmus positions in mandibular first molar root canals: a finite element analysis.
Title: Can the Entire Function of the Foot Be Concentrated in the Forefoot Area during the Running Stance Phase? A Finite Element Study of Different Shoe Soles.
Title: Finite element analysis of the effect of tibial osteotomy on the stress of polyethylene liner in total knee arthroplasty.
Title: Improved Finite Element Model Updating of a Highway Viaduct Using Acceleration and Strain Data.
Title: Predicting Mechanical Properties of Polymer Materials Using Rate-Dependent Material Models: Finite Element Analysis of Bespoke Upper Limb Orthoses.
Title: Enhancing the Machining Performance of Nomex Honeycomb Composites Using Rotary Ultrasonic Machining: A Finite Element Analysis Approach.
Title: Finite-Element Modeling of the Temperature Effect on Extended Avalanche Damage of Gas Main Pipelines.
Title: Static and dynamic stress analysis of different crown materials on a titanium base abutment in an implant-supported single crown: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: The finite element analysis study of the impact of single and double lag screw fixation on ankle fractures of different sizes.
Title: Biomechanical Effect of Different Posterior Fixation Techniques on Stability and Adjacent Segment Degeneration in Treating Thoracolumbar Burst Fracture With Osteoporosis: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of kangaroo astragali: A new angle on the ankle.
Title: Computational evaluation of wire position using separate vertical wire technique and candy box technique for the fixation of inferior pole patellar fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the biomechanical properties of different material implants for replacing missing teeth.
Title: Accuracy of mapping results of thoracolumbar vertebral fracture verified using finite element analysis.
Title: A finite element model of human hindfoot and its application in supramalleolar osteotomy.
Title: Finite element analysis (FEA) of stress distribution in platform-switched short dental implants.
Title: Finite element study on the micromechanics of cement-augmented proximal femoral nail anti-rotation (PFNA) for intertrochanteric fracture treatment.
Title: Finite element analysis of a new preoperative traction for cervical kyphosis: suspensory traction.
Title: Finite element analysis of the stability of retrograde intramedullary nail and plate-screw combinations for periprosthetic femoral fractures following total knee replacement.
Title: Assessing the influence of gastrocnemius reconstruction on stress distribution of femoral tumor rotating hinge knee prosthesis via finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element simulation of the complete sheet metal blanking cycle: Effect of blanking clearance on force curve and cut edge quality.
Title: Quantifying myocardial active strain energy density: A comparative analysis of analytic and finite element methods for estimating left ventricular wall stress and strain.
Title: Microbubble-enhanced transcranial MR-guided focused ultrasound brain hyperthermia: heating mechanism investigation using finite element method.
Title: Impact of bone levels on stress distribution around all-on-four concept: A 3-D finite element analysis.
Title: Investigation of collagen reconstruction mechanism in skin wound through dual-beam laser welding: Insights from multi-spectroscopy, molecular dynamics simulation, and finite element multiphysics simulation.
Title: C1-2 hypermobility and its impact on the spinal cord: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of modified Slongo's external fixation in the treatment of supracondylar humeral fractures in older children.
Title: Effect of novel polyethylene insert configurations on bone-implant micromotion and contact stresses in total ankle replacement prostheses: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of various rigid internal fixation modalities for condylar-base-associated multiple mandibular fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of the first thoracic vertebra in artiodactyls.
Title: Influence of Access Cavities on Maxillary Central Incisor Fracture Resistance: Finite Element Study.
Title: Spatial sensitivity distribution assessment and Monte Carlo simulations for needle-based bioimpedance imaging during venipuncture using the finite element method.
Title: Finite element analysis and bearing capacity calculation of cross-shaped CFST columns under compressive load.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of all-on-4 concept and alternative designs under different occlusal load configurations for completely edentulous mandible: a 3-D finite element analysis.
Title: The biomechanical effect of lumbopelvic distance reduction on reconstruction after total sacrectomy: a comparative finite element analysis of four techniques.
Title: Finite element analysis of different carbon fiber reinforced polyetheretherketone dental implants in implant-supported fixed denture.
Title: Finite element study on post-screw removal stress in toy poodle radius with different plate designs and screw arrangements.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Changes in Deformation of Intraocular Segments by Airbag Impact in Eyes of Various Axial Lengths [Response to Letter].
Title: Approach for contact medical device development via integrated testing, skeletal muscle modeling, and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Fixed Orthodontic Retainers.
Title: Validation and Estimation of Obesity-Induced Intervertebral Disc Degeneration through Subject-Specific Finite Element Modelling of Functional Spinal Units.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis Study of Edentulous Model with Complete Denture to Simulate Masticatory Movement.
Title: Effect of preparation design on fracture strength of compromised molars restored with direct composite resin restorations: An in vitro and finite element analysis study.
Title: The Effect of Lower Limb Alignment on Tibiofemoral Joint Contact Biomechanics after Medial Meniscus Posterior Root Repair: A Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Measuring absorbed energy in the human auditory system using finite element models: A comparison with experimental results.
Title: Adjacent vertebral fractures in the lumbar and thoracic spine after balloon kyphoplasty: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Design of a Flexible Thermoelectric Generator with a Rhombus Gap Structure.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Ti-Base Abutment Height on the Dental Implant System: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Advancing 3D Dental Implant Finite Element Analysis: Incorporating Biomimetic Trabecular Bone with Varied Pore Sizes in Voronoi Lattices.
Title: A Finite Element Method Study on a Simulation of the Thermal Behaviour of Four Methods for the Restoration of Class II Cavities.
Title: The Stresses and Deformations in the Abfraction Lesions of the Lower Premolars Studied by the Finite Element Analyses: Case Report and Review of Literature.
Title: The influence of tympanic-membrane orientation on acoustic ear-canal quantities: A finite-element analysis.
Title: Tucker Tensor Approach for Accelerating Fock Exchange Computations in a Real-Space Finite-Element Discretization of Generalized Kohn-Sham Density Functional Theory.
Title: Finite element method analysis of bone stress for variants of locking plate placement.
Title: Effect of angled abutments in the posterior maxillary region on tilted implants: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: The role of the extracellular matrix in the reduction of lateral force transmission in muscle bundles: A finite element analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution of Endodontically Treated Tooth MOD Cavity Restored with Ribbon Fiber-Reinforced Composite (Wallpapering Technique) Using Finite Element Method.
Title: X-ray with finite element analysis is a viable alternative for MRI to predict knee osteoarthritis: Data from the Osteoarthritis Initiative.
Title: Finite Element Analysis Comparing the Biomechanical Parameters in Multilevel Posterior Cervical Instrumentation Model Involving Lateral Mass Screw versus Transpedicular Screw Fixation at the C7 Vertebra.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of contact and stress distribution in tibiotalar articular cartilage: Healthy versus varus ankles.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Changes in Deformation of Intraocular Segments by Airbag Impact in Eyes of Various Axial Lengths [Letter].
Title: Single missing molar with wide mesiodistal length restored using a single or double implant-supported crown: A self-controlled case report and 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of different maxillary advancement protocols in patients with unilateral cleft lip and palate: a finite element analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis to Study the Stress Distribution on Distal Implants in All-on-Six Treatment Concepts as Affected Tilted and Short Implant.
Title: Effect of varying auxiliaries on maxillary incisor torque control with clear aligners: A finite element analysis.
Title: Segment selection for fusion and artificial disc replacement in the hybrid surgical treatment of noncontiguous cervical spondylosis: a finite element analysis.
Title: Parametric analysis of craniocerebral injury mechanism in pedestrian traffic accidents based on finite element methods.
Title: Effect of structural support size and position on depressed tibial plateau fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Computational assessment of carbon fabric reinforced polymer made prosthetic knee: Mechanics, finite element simulations and experimental evaluation.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of implant retained prostheses in the posterior maxilla using different materials: a finite element study.
Title: Retraction Note: Simulation of hybridized nanofluids flowing and heat transfer enhancement via 3-D vertical heated plate using finite element technique.
Title: Automated 2D and 3D finite element overclosure adjustment and mesh morphing using generalized regression neural networks.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of Stress Distribution Against the Root Canal Wall at Three Different Levels by Using TruNatomy, XP-endo Shaper, F360, and 2Shape Files-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: 3D finite element analysis of stress distribution on the shape of resected root-end or with/without bone graft of a maxillary premolar during endodontic microsurgery.
Title: Effects of diameters of implant and abutment screw on stress distribution within dental implant and alveolar bone: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: 3-D finite element model of the impaction of a press-fitted femoral stem under various biomechanical environments.
Title: The Tensile Behavior of Hybrid Bonded Bolted Composite Joints: 3D-Digital Image Correlation versus Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Fatigue Behavior of a Dental Implant Due to Chewing Forces: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The Hydrostatic Pressure Distribution in the Periodontal Ligament and the Risk of Root Resorption-A Finite Element Method (FEM) Study on the Nonlinear Innovative Model.
Title: Application of Response Surface-Corrected Finite Element Model and Bayesian Neural Networks to Predict the Dynamic Response of Forth Road Bridges under Strong Winds.
Title: Finite element analysis of biomechanical effects of percutaneous cement discoplasty in scoliosis.
Title: Biomechanical reinforcement by CAD-CAM materials affects stress distributions of posterior composite bridges: 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Prosthetic framework improvement using lattice structure: A comparative finite element study of a mandibular implant-supported prosthesis.
Title: Method for evaluating the fit of custom-fit Continuous Positive Airway Pressure masks using finite element analysis.
Title: Stability of Proximal Femoral Osteotomies in Pediatric Bone Models Fixed with Flexible Intramedullary Nails and Evaluated by the Finite Element Method.
Title: Semi-automatic algorithm to build finite element numerical models of the human hearing system from Micro-CT data.
Title: Shape or size matters? Towards standard reporting of tensile testing parameters for human soft tissues: systematic review and finite element analysis.
Title: Analyzing isolated degeneration of lumbar facet joints: implications for degenerative instability and lumbar biomechanics using finite element analysis.
Title: Added transverse screw in tripod construct increases stiffness in Mason III radial head fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Running-specific prosthesis' performance characterization by dynamic finite element approach.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of three maxillary expanders in cleft lip and palate: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element modeling with patient-specific geometry to assess clinical risks of percutaneous pulmonary valve implantation.
Title: Assessment of Stress Distribution with 3 Taper Design Preparation of Root Canal Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Influence of Implant Tilting and the Direction of Loading on the Displacement and Micromotion of Immediately Loaded Implants.
Title: Accurate Finite Element Simulations of Dynamic Behaviour: Constitutive Models and Analysis with Deep Learning.
Title: Penetrating the ultra-tough yeast cell wall with finite element analysis model-aided design of microtools.
Title: Homogenized finite element analysis of distal tibia sections: Achievements and limitations.
Title: Investigation of Bruxism wear behavior of titanium alloy biomaterials; experimental and 3D finite element simulation.
Title: Biventricular finite element modeling of the fetal heart in health and during critical aortic stenosis.
Title: Biomechanics of Central Incisor Endocrowns with Different Lengths and Milled Materials after Static and Vertical Loading: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Assessment of peri-implant bone stress distribution with the effect of attachment type and implant location using finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of stress distribution in and around dental implants using three different implant-abutment interfaces with platform-switched and non-platform-switched abutments: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of the effect on the permanent tooth germ and the adjacent teeth by finite element impact analysis in the traumatized primary tooth.
Title: Evaluation of the mechanical behaviour of the expandable wedge locked nail fixation in retrograde use: A finite element study.
Title: Comparative biomechanics of all-on-4 and vertical implant placement in asymmetrical mandibular: a finite element study.
Title: A Spatial Interpolation Approach to Assign Magnetic Resonance Imaging-Derived Material Properties for Finite Element Models of Adeno-Associated Virus Infusion Into a Recurrent Brain Tumor.
Title: Stress distribution on teeth restored with veneers using various incisal preparation designs: A 3D finite element analysis study.
Title: Stress Distribution on Prepared Tooth With Shoulder and Radial Shoulder Margin to Receive Crowns of Three Different Materials: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Dataset on simulated microbond tests using finite element method: Simulation cases about different geometrical influences, material behavior, damage evolution, and element meshes.
Title: State-of-the-art requirements verification process applied to numerical finite-element modelling of the deep excavation in soft soils.
Title: Sagittal support rather than medial cortical support matters in geriatric intertrochanteric fracture: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Impact of osteoporosis and Cement-Augmented fusion on adjacent spinal levels Post-Fusion Surgery: Patient-Specific finite element analysis.
Title: Experimental characterization and finite element investigation of SiO
Title: Multiscale Finite Element Modeling of Left Ventricular Growth in Simulations of Valve Disease.
Title: Biomechanical response of decompression alone in lower grade lumbar degenerative spondylolisthesis--A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element validation dataset of additively manufactured equal angle section stub columns.
Title: A Hypothesis Testing of Archwire Rounding for the Efficacy of Torque Springs in Orthodontics: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Predicting Tibia-Fibula Geometry and Density From Anatomical Landmarks Via Statistical Appearance Model: Influence of Errors on Finite Element-Calculated Bone Strain.
Title: Elucidation of the radius and ulna fracture mechanisms in toy poodle dogs using finite element analysis.
Title: Combined musculoskeletal finite element modeling of femur stress during reactive balance training.
Title: Biomechanical study of temporomandibular joints of patients with temporomandibular disorders under incisal clenching: A finite element analysis.
Title: Analysis of Stress Distribution and Displacement Based on the Miniscrew Positions of the Palatal Slope Bone-borne Expander: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Influence of implant distribution on the biomechanical behaviors of mandibular implant-retained overdentures: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: The effects of different grading approaches in additively manufactured dental implants on peri-implant bone stress: A finite element analysis.
Title: Retracted: The Effect on the Fracture Healing following Femoral Neck Shortening after Osteoporotic Femoral Neck Fracture Treated with Internal Fixation: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Retracted: Clinical Efficacy and Safety of "Three-Dimensional Balanced Manipulation" in the Treatment of Cervical Spondylotic Radiculopathy by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of sagittal angles of unicompartmental knee arthroplasty.
Title: Case Studies about Finite Element Modeling and Wireless Sensing of Three Pennsylvania Bridges.
Title: A Finite Element Method for Determining the Mechanical Properties of Electrospun Nanofibrous Mats.
Title: Mechanical Testing of Selective-Laser-Sintered Polyamide PA2200 Details: Analysis of Tensile Properties via Finite Element Method and Machine Learning Approaches.
Title: Evaluation of the Ejection Pressure for Tracking Internal Cracks during Compaction in Bilayer Tablet Formulations Using Experimental and Finite Element Methods.
Title: A Framework to Simulate Friction Stir Additive Manufacturing (FSAM) Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Simulation and Microstructural Evolution Investigation in Hot Stamping Process of Ti6Al4V Alloy Sheets.
Title: Calculation of Homogenized Mechanical Coefficients of Fiber-Reinforced Composite Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Evaluation the stress distribution in root canals by 3D finite element analysis after the materials used in reattaching the vertically root fractured fragments.
Title: Validation of a patient-specific finite element analysis framework for identification of growing rod-failure regions in early onset scoliosis patients.
Title: Stresses in Premolars Restored Using Different Post-and-Core and Crown Materials: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Correlation between Malocclusion and Mandibular Fractures: An Experimental Study Comparing Dynamic Finite Element Models and Clinical Case Studies.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis on the effects of maxillary protraction with an individual titanium plate at multiple directions and locations.
Title: Finite element method-based study for spinal vibration characteristics of the scoliosis and kyphosis lumbar spine to whole-body vibration under a compressive follower preload.
Title: Newly designed plate for the treatment of posterolateral tibial plateau fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Magnetic resonance imaging based finite element modelling of the proximal femur: a short-term in vivo precision study.
Title: Clinical challenges of biomechanical performance of narrow-diameter implants in maxillary posterior teeth in aging patients: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of Locked Plates and Blade Plates for Varus Osteotomy of the Proximal Femur by the Finite Element Method.
Title: An estimation of the biomechanical properties of the continent and incontinent woman bladder via inverse finite element analysis.
Title: A modified lateral column lengthening for the treatment of flexible flatfoot: From clinical applications to finite element analysis.
Title: Porous versus solid shoulder implants in humeri of different bone densities: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effect of dual-dimensional archwire on controlled movement of anterior teeth compared with rectangular archwire: A finite element study.
Title: Displacement and stress distribution pattern during complete mandibular arch distalization using buccal shelf bone screws - A three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Tension band high-strength suture combined with absorbable cannulated screws for treating transverse patellar fractures: finite element analysis and clinical study.
Title: [Construction and stability analysis of finite element model for spinal canal reconstruction with miniplates fixation].
Title: Finite element analysis of stress distribution on residual root structure in socket shield procedure following immediate dental implant placement: an in vitro study.
Title: Mobility analysis of a posterior sacrospinous fixation using a finite element model of the pelvic system.
Title: Influence of posterior cruciate ligament tension on tibiofemoral and patellofemoral joint contact mechanics in cruciate-retaining total knee replacement: a combined musculoskeletal multibody and finite-element simulation.
Title: Estimation of Injury Limits at Vulnerable Impact Locations Along the Forearm Via THUMS AM50 Finite Element Model at Airbag Loading Rates.
Title: A finite element model for investigating the influence of keel design and position on unicompartmental knee replacement cementless tibial component fixation.
Title: The Effect of Lens Shape, Zonular Insertion and Finite Element Model on Simulated Shape Change of the Eye Lens.
Title: Sensitivity analysis of paediatric knee kinematics to the graft surgical parameters during anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: A sequentially linked neuromusculoskeletal-finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis on stress distribution after different palatoplasty and levator veli palatini muscle reconstruction.
Title: Influence of the Curve of Spee on Tooth Displacement Patterns: A Finite Element Analysis at Varying Implant Heights.
Title: Comparison of 3D-printed and laboratory-fabricated Hyrax on stress distribution and displacement of the maxillary complex: a 3D finite element study.
Title: Establishing finite element model credibility of a pedicle screw system under compression-bending: An end-to-end example of the ASME V&V 40 standard.
Title: Validation of a Finite Element Simulation for Predicting Individual Knee Joint Kinematics.
Title: Evaluation of stress distributions of calcium silicate-based root canal sealer in bulk or with main core material: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Longitudinal CT-based finite element analyses provide objective fracture healing measures in an ovine tibia model.
Title: A finite element analysis study on different angle correction designs for inclined implants in All-On-Four protocol.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Fatigue Test of INTEGRA Dental Implant System.
Title: Comparison of Linear and Nonlinear Twist Extrusion Processes with Crystal Plasticity Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Tungsten Inert Gas Welding of 6061-T6 Aluminum Alloy Frame: Finite Element Simulation and Experiment.
Title: Using Machine Learning and Finite Element Analysis to Extract Traction-Separation Relations at Bonding Wire Interfaces of Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor Modules.
Title: Multiscale Static Compressive Damage Characteristics of Kiwifruit Based on the Finite Element Method.
Title: Progression of partial to complete ruptures of the Achilles tendon during rehabilitation: A study using a finite element model.
Title: Anterior cruciate ligament injury should not be considered a contraindication for medial unicompartmental knee arthroplasty: Finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modeling of the free boundary effect on gyroid additively manufactured samples.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Changes in Deformation of Intraocular Segments by Airbag Impact in Eyes of Various Axial Lengths.
Title: Finite element analysis of different pedicle screw internal fixations for first lumbar vertebral fracture in different sports conditions.
Title: The effect of body weight on interfragmentary fracture strain in plate fixation of distal femur fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of Implant Location, Number, and Design in Ischemic Zone for Implant Prosthesis Success Rate: A Comparative Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Effect of Distal Tibial Oblique Osteotomy: A Preliminary Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Decreased stress shielding with poly-ether-ether-ketone tibial implant for total knee arthroplasty - A preliminary study using finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of total arch maxillary distalization using infrazygomatic crest miniscrews: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Effect of Femoral Prosthesis Varus and Valgus Angle Installation on the Lateral Compartment in Unicompartmental Knee Arthroplasty.
Title: Finite element analysis of Neanderthal and early Homo sapiens maxillary central incisor.
Title: Effect of attachment configuration and trim line design on the force system of orthodontic aligners: A finite element study on the upper central incisor.
Title: Evaluation of stress and displacement of maxillary canine during the single canine retraction in the maxillary first premolar extraction cases- A finite element study.
Title: Effect of different palatal expanders with miniscrews in surgically assisted rapid palatal expansion: A non-linear finite element analysis.
Title: Optimization of S2-alar-iliac screw (S2AI) fixation in adult spine deformity using a comprehensive genetic algorithm and finite element model personalized to patient geometry and bone mechanical properties.
Title: Time-dependent biomechanical evaluation for corrective planning of scoliosis using finite element analysis - A comprehensive approach.
Title: Optimizing 3D printed ankle-foot orthoses for patients with stroke: Importance of effective elastic modulus and finite element simulation.
Title: Stress Changes in the Canine Radius after Locking Plate Fixation Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The impact of femoral head size on the wear evolution at contacting surfaces of total hip prostheses: A finite element analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Model to Investigate the Stability of Osteochondral Grafts Within a Human Tibiofemoral Joint.
Title: Experimental and Finite Element Data of T-joints with Circular-Hollow-Section chord members.
Title: Determining a relative total lumbar range of motion to alleviate adjacent segment degeneration after transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Identifying an optimal approach for the placement of pterygoid implants: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: A review of mesoscopic modeling and constitutive equations of particle-reinforced metals matrix composites based on finite element method.
Title: Importance of the Posterior Plate in Three-Column Tibial Plateau Fractures: A Finite Element Analysis and Clinical Validation.
Title: Design and Biomechanical Finite Element Analysis of Spatial Weaving Infracalcaneal Fixator System.
Title: Anterior Talofibular Ligament Repair in Combination With Anterior Tibiofibular Ligament Distal Fascicle Transfer for The Treatment of Chronic Lateral Ankle Instability: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Patient-specific finite element analysis for assessing hip fracture risk in aging populations.
Title: Stress Distribution on Maxillary Canines Following Restoration With Different Dimensions of Metal and Fiber Posts: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Evaluation and comparison of three-dimensional finite element analysis of stress distribution in immediately placed and loaded conventional and customized three-dimensional printed dental implants.
Title: Influence of implant design and length on stress distribution in immediately loaded implants in posterior maxilla - A two-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Hybrid cortical bone trajectory and modified cortical bone trajectory techniques in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion at L4-L5 segment: A finite element analysis.
Title: A comprehensive biomechanical evaluation of length and diameter of dental implants using finite element analyses: A systematic review.
Title: Biomechanical study of different bone cement distribution on osteoporotic vertebral compression Fracture-A finite element analysis.
Title: On the generality of the finite element modeling physical fields in biological systems by the multiscale smeared concept (Kojic transport model).
Title: Finite element analysis of 3 internal fixations for distal type C3 femur fractures with medial wall bone defects.
Title: The impact of simultaneous intracranial recordings on scalp EEG: A finite element analysis.
Title: DFT-based finite element analysis of compressive response in armchair phosphorene nanotubes.
Title: Vibrational analysis of double-walled silicon carbide nano-cones: a finite element investigation.
Title: Subject-specific material properties of the heel pad: An inverse finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element model of ocular adduction with unconstrained globe translation.
Title: Finite element investigation of the influence of a new transpedicular vertebral implant positioning on biomechanical responses of the spine segment.
Title: The comparison between various methods of mandibular reconstruction based on finite element analysis.
Title: Experimental study and finite element analysis of heavy-duty escalator truss under full load conditions.
Title: Can lateral tenodesis improve the rotational stability of the ACL reconstruction? A finite element analysis.
Title: Mode Ⅰ fracture analysis of aluminum-copper bimetal composite using finite element method.
Title: Unilateral external fixator and its biomechanical effects in treating different types of femoral fracture: A finite element study with experimental validated model.
Title: Investigation of dynamic hip plate screw systems in different lengths with finite element analysis.
Title: The Influence of Talar Displacement on Articular Contact Mechanics: A 3D Finite Element Analysis Study Using Weightbearing Computed Tomography.
Title: Fracture risk assessment of vascularized medial femoral condylar bone graft: A finite element analysis.
Title: Thermal-Mechanical and Microstructural Simulation of Rotary Friction Welding Processes by Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Weak Points of Double-Plate Stabilization Used in the Treatment of Distal Humerus Fracture through Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of all-polyethylene total knee replacement and its metal-backed equivalent on periprosthetic tibia using the finite element method.
Title: Numerical biomechanical finite element analysis of different trimming line designs of orthodontic aligners: An in silico study.
Title: Mechanical Influence of Edentulous Mandible Morphology on Peri-implant Bone in Implant Prosthetics: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Various Osteotomies Used in the Treatment of Developmental Hip Dysplasia in Children.
Title: Study of the Influence of Boundary Conditions on Corneal Deformation Based on the Finite Element Method of a Corneal Biomechanics Model.
Title: Effects of different contact angles during forefoot running on the stresses of the foot bones: a finite element simulation study.
Title: The application of human medical image-based finite element analysis in the construction of mouse osteoarthritis models.
Title: Fatigue analysis of canine tracheal stents using the finite element method.
Title: Comparative evaluation of stress distribution against the root canal wall at three different levels using novel NiTi rotary files - A finite element analysis.
Title: Regarding the Article Entitled "Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion With Double Banana Cages: Clinical Evaluations and Finite Element Model Analysis".
Title: Subject-specific finite element head models for skull fracture evaluation-a new tool in forensic pathology.
Title: Finite element-based optimization procedure for an irregular domain with unstructured mesh.
Title: Correction: The effect of frontal trauma on the edentulous mandible with four different interforaminal implant-prosthodontic anchoring configurations. A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distributions for Mandibular Dental Implant-Supported Overdentures with Magnetic Attachments in Osteoporotic and Normal Bone.
Title: Comparison of the Fixation Strengths of Screws between the Traditional Trajectory and the Single and Double Endplate Penetrating Screw Trajectories Using Osteoporotic Vertebral Body Models Based on the Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Model of the Shoulder with Active Rotator Cuff Muscles: Application to Wheelchair Propulsion.
Title: Influence of offset on osseointegration in cementless total hip arthroplasty: A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation on a new type of vertebral titanium porous mini-plate and mechanical comparison between cervical open-door laminoplasty and laminectomy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Interface fails and Young's module approximation of multilayer flexible devices through finite element method.
Title: Synergistic Integration of Deep Neural Networks and Finite Element Method with Applications of Nonlinear Large Deformation Biomechanics.
Title: Effects of open and minimally invasive Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion (TLIF) surgical techniques on mechanical behaviour of fused L3-L4 FSU: A comparative finite element study.
Title: Finite element study on three osteotomy methods for treating thoracolumbar osteoporotic fracture vertebral collapse complicated with neurological dysfunction.
Title: Stress distribution pattern in all-on-four maxillary restorations supported by porous tantalum and solid titanium implants using three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: A comparison of brain retraction mechanisms using finite element analysis and the effects of regionally heterogeneous material properties.
Title: Impact of Sacroiliac Interosseous Ligament Tension and Laxity on the Biomechanics of the Lumbar Spine: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Biomechanical study of anterior transpedicular root screw intervertebral fusion system of lower cervical spine: a finite element analysis.
Title: Three‑dimensional finite element analysis: Anatomical splint fixation for Colles fractures.
Title: Evaluation of stress distribution on an endodontically treated maxillary central tooth with lesion restored with different crown materials: A finite element analysis.
Title: [Finite-element simulation of ethanol diffusion in nonencapsulated subdural hematomas].
Title: Numerical investigation of elastic-plastic buckling performance of circular arched cellular steel beam using nonlinear finite element analysis method.
Title: Effect of clear aligner type on maxillary full-arch intrusion: 3D analysis using finite element method.
Title: Development of patient-specific finite element model for study of composite dental implants.
Title: Effect of meniscus modelling assumptions in a static tibiofemoral finite element model: importance of geometry over material.
Title: Finite element biomechanical analysis of 3D printed intervertebral fusion cage in osteoporotic population.
Title: The Role of Trabecular, Ligamentous-Intervertebral Disk and Facet Joints Systems: A Finite Element Analysis in the L4-S1 Vertebrae.
Title: Effects of different patterns of movement for correcting a deep curve of Spee with clear aligners on the anterior teeth: a finite element analysis.
Title: Personalized lattice-structured prosthesis as a graftless solution for mandible reconstruction and prosthetic restoration: A finite element analysis.
Title: Exploring uncertainty in hyper-viscoelastic properties of scalp skin through patient-specific finite element models for reconstructive surgery.
Title: Elastic Constants of Polymeric Fiber Composite Estimation Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Translational medical bioengineering research of traumatic brain injury among Chinese and American pedestrians caused by vehicle collision based on human body finite element modeling.
Title: Automated design of nighttime braces for adolescent idiopathic scoliosis with global shape optimization using a patient-specific finite element model.
Title: Comparison of Stress and Strain Distribution Patterns in Canine Implant and Maxillary Bone in Three Occlusal Schemes Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The influence of femoral lytic tumors segmentation on autonomous finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of sidewall retention and interference fit in total ankle replacement on implant-bone micromotion: A finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of female pelvic organ prolapse mechanism: current landscape and future opportunities.
Title: Partial femoral head replacement: a new innovative hip-preserving approach for treating osteonecrosis of the femoral head and its finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of ESIN and other minimally invasive techniques for anterior pelvic ring injury: a finite element analysis and case-control study.
Title: The retropharyngeal reduction plate for atlantoaxial dislocation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Heat-fluid-solid coupling heat transfer analysis and parameter optimization in walnut drying device based on finite element method.
Title: Local buckling of cold-formed steel trapezoidal sheets: Data for finite element model validation.
Title: Exploring the extension quantities of a medial collateral ligament pie-crusting model using a finite element method.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of 2 Endoscopic Spine Surgery Methods for Treating Lumbar Disc Herniation: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution and Range of Motion in Discogenic Back Pain.
Title: Design of a novel lateral mass screw-plate system for the treatment of unstable atlas fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Anterior Cervical Corpectomy Decompression and Fusion, Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion, and Anterior Controllable Antedisplacement and Fusion in the Surgical Treatment of Multilevel Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical assessment of different transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion constructs in normal and osteoporotic condition: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Adjacent Segments after Spinal Fusion Surgery Using a Geometrically Parametric Patient-Specific Finite Element Model.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis of Single, Double & Matrix Miniplate in Fracture of the Mandibular ANGLE Region: An In Vitro Study.
Title: Comparison of stress distribution around all-on-four implants of different angulations and zygoma implants: a 7-model finite element analysis.
Title: The effect of polymethylmethacrylate augmentation on the primary stability of stand-alone implant construct versus posterior stabilization in oblique lumbar interbody fusion with osteoporotic bone quality- a finite element study.
Title: Reply to 'Letter to the Editor concerning "Structure-mechanical analysis of various fixation constructs for basicervical fractures of the proximal femur and clinical implications; finite element analysis"'.
Title: 3D-DXA Based Finite Element Modelling for Femur Strength Prediction: Evaluation Against QCT.
Title: Finite-element modeling of neuromodulation via controlled delivery of potassium ions using conductive polymer-coated microelectrodes.
Title: Patient-specific finite element modeling for fracture risk prediction in a canine model of osteosarcoma.
Title: Effect of different implant locations and abutment types on stress and strain distribution under non-axial loading: A 3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Use of customized 3-dimensional printed mandibular prostheses with a dental implant pressure-reducing device in mandibular body defect: A finite element study performing multiresponse surface methodology.
Title: Biomechanical effects of Evans versus Hintermann osteotomy for treating adult acquired flatfoot deformity: a patient-specific finite element investigation.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of the novel assembled internal fixed system in C2-C3 anterior cervical discectomy and fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative study of torsional and bending stress in NiTi, graphene, and GUM metal endodontic files by finite element analysis.
Title: Incisor torque expression characteristics in two passive self-ligating brackets placed at different heights. A finite element investigation.
Title: Multiscale homogenization of aluminum honeycomb structures: Thermal analysis with orthotropic representative volume element and finite element method.
Title: Finite element simulation of Soret-Dufour and conjugate heating effects on mixed convective heat absorbing hydromagnetic Casson fluid flow with suction/blowing from flat semi-infinite vertical porous plate.
Title: Scope of magnesium ceria nanocomposites for mandibular reconstruction: Degradation and biomechanical evaluation using a 3-dimensional finite element analysis approach.
Title: Is Acoustic modal analysis a reliable substitution for Osstell® device in dental implant stability assessment? An experimental and finite element analysis study.
Title: [Finite element analysis of the stability of Mason type Ⅲ radial head fracture fixed with three cross-bridge headless compression screw and locking plate].
Title: Evaluation of bone-related mechanical properties in female patients with long-term remission of Cushing's syndrome using quantitative computed tomography-based finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Thoracic Flexibility and Stiffness on Lumbar Spine Loading: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Methods and applications of finite element analysis in dental trauma research: A scoping review.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of different oblique lumbar interbody fusion constructs: a finite element analysis.
Title: A parametrical finite element analysis for functionally graded material overlay restoration.
Title: Finite element modelling strategy for determining directivity of thermoelastically generated laser ultrasound.
Title: A combined musculoskeletal and finite element model of a foot to predict plantar pressure distribution.
Title: Effect of Different Anchorage Reinforcement Methods on Long-Term Maxillary Whole Arch Distalization with Clear Aligner: A 4D Finite Element Study with Staging Simulation.
Title: Smoothed particle hydrodynamics implementation to enhance vertebral fracture finite element model in a cervical spine segment under compression.
Title: Research on ultrasonic bone cutting mechanism based on extended finite element method.
Title: Shape Sensing in Plate Structures through Inverse Finite Element Method Enhanced by Multi-Objective Genetic Optimization of Sensor Placement and Strain Pre-Extrapolation.
Title: Exploring Advanced Functionalities of Carbon Fiber-Graded PEEK Composites as Bone Fixation Plates Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Study on the Diffusion and Optimization of Sucrose in Gaido Seak Based on Finite Element Analysis and Hyperspectral Imaging Technology.
Title: Wear analysis of slideway in emulsion pumps based on finite element method.
Title: Experimentally Validated Finite Element Analysis of Thoracic Spine Compression Fractures in a Porcine Model.
Title: Instantaneous Generation of Subject-Specific Finite Element Models of the Hip Capsule.
Title: Inter-Specimen Analysis of Diverse Finite Element Models of the Lumbar Spine.
Title: A Biomechanical Simulation of Forearm Flexion Using the Finite Element Approach.
Title: The assessment of implant shape-dependent failure mechanisms in primary total hip arthroplasty using finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of vertebroplasty in the osteoporotic T11-L1 vertebral body: Effects of bone cement formulation.
Title: A finite element study comparing Advansync® and Twin Block in mandibular anterior repositioning.
Title: Geometric determinants of the mechanical behavior of image-based finite element models of the intervertebral disc.
Title: Finite element analysis of the effect of residual lateral wall volume on postoperative stability in intertrochanteric fractures.
Title: The significance of reduction of valgus-intercalated femoral neck fracture with valgus angle > 15°and the selection of internal fixation by finite element analysis.
Title: Bio-mechanical effects of femoral neck system versus cannulated screws on treating young patients with Pauwels type III femoral neck fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of bone mass density and alveolar bone resorption on stress in implant restoration of free-end edentulous posterior mandible: Finite element analysis of double-factor sensitivity.
Title: Single-plane osteotomy model is inaccurate for evaluating the optimal strategy in treating vertical femoral neck fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Assessing the adductor musculature and jaw mechanics of Proterochampsa nodosa (Archosauriformes: Proterochampsidae) through finite element analysis.
Title: Fenestration and Dehiscence in Human Maxillary Alveolar Bone: An In Silico Study Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Arm design of band and loop space maintainer affects its longevity: a patient-specific finite element study.
Title: Mechanical impact of epiretinal membranes on the retina utilizing finite element analysis.
Title: In-silico simulation of nanoindentation on bone using a 2D cohesive finite element model.
Title: Stress analysis of horizontal mid-root fracture managed with different intraradicular fixation protocols: A 3D-finite element study.
Title: Finite element model with realistic bone geometries for the optimal design of internal fixation during the fibula healing process.
Title: Finite element analysis of the cervical spine: dynamic characteristics and material property sensitivity study.
Title: Data for the stress update assessment in large-deformation finite element analysis.
Title: Stress effect on the mandibular dental arch by mentalis muscle over activity, finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative evaluation of variations in torque expression in maxillary incisor and canine using different bracket prescriptions placed at different crown levels by finite element (FE) method: An 
Title: Comparative study of locking neutralization plate construct versus tension band wiring with a cannulated screw for patella fractures: experimental and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis and clinical application of 3D-printed Ti alloy implant for the reconstruction of mandibular defects.
Title: Finite element analysis of cross fluid model over a vertical disk suspended to a tetra hybrid nanoparticles mixture.
Title: Mechanical method to reduce aberrations for a two-sided coating axisymmetric optical lens based on the specialized finite element method.
Title: The effect of enhanced structure in the posterior segment of clear aligners during anterior retraction: a three-dimensional finite element and experimental model analysis.
Title: Comparative assessment of orthodontic clear aligner versus fixed appliance for anterior retraction: a finite element study.
Title: Brain Material Properties and Integration of Arachnoid Complex for Biofidelic Impact Response for Human Head Finite Element Model.
Title: Finite element analysis of the mechanical performance of self-expanding endovascular stents made with new nickel-free superelastic β-titanium alloys.
Title: Impact of Stoma Baseplate Convexity on Tension and Compression Around the Stoma Site: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of the Human Wrist: A Review.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of the Human Wrist.
Title: Macro-indentation testing of soft biological materials and assessment of hyper-elastic material models from inverse finite element analysis.
Title: The optimal design and three-dimensional finite element analysis of CAD/CAM integrated roach attachment.
Title: Predicting Stress Intensity Factor for Aluminum 6062 T6 Material in L-Shaped Lower Control Arm (LCA) Design Using Extended Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Experimental Study of Manufacturing Thin-Walled Five-Branched AISI 304 Stainless Steel Tubes with Different Diameters Using a Hydroforming Process.
Title: Micro-CT imaging and finite element models reveal how sintering temperature affects the microstructure and strength of bioactive glass-derived scaffolds.
Title: How does arch form and interproximal contact size affect the 3D displacements and rotations of teeth: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modelling of sound transmission in the Weberian apparatus of zebrafish (
Title: Comparative study of two retrograde locked intramedullary nail designs for ankle arthrodesis: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of Different Fixation Confi gurations in Different Types of High Pediatric Supracondylar Humerus Fractures: a Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Exteriorization of the uterus reduces fetoscopic cannula-induced stress and strain: A finite element model analysis.
Title: Numerical investigation of a finite element abdominal wall model during breathing and muscular contraction.
Title: Effect of residual volume after surgery of the discoid lateral meniscus on tibiofemoral joint biomechanics: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element evaluation of dentin stress changes following different endodontic surgical approaches.
Title: Vertebral Fracture Risk Thresholds from Phantom-Less Quantitative Computed Tomography-Based Finite Element Modeling Correlate to Phantom-Based Outcomes.
Title: Finite element analysis of a customized coronoid prosthesis for traumatic coronoid deficiency.
Title: Design and analysis of chiral and achiral metasurfaces with the finite element method.
Title: Role of finite element analysis for selection of single point fixation in zygomaticomaxillary complex fracture.
Title: IFM calculator: An algorithm for interfragmentary motion calculation in finite element analysis.
Title: Model Properties and Clinical Application in the Finite Element Analysis of Knee Joint: A Review.
Title: Iatrogenic vertebral fracture in ankylosed spine during liver transplantation: a case report and biomechanical study using finite element method.
Title: In silico nonlinear dynamic finite-element analysis for biaxial flexural strength testing of CAD/CAM materials.
Title: Multi-response optimisation analysis of material properties in dental restorative composites under the influence of thermal and thermomechanical stimuli - A 3D finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis and clinical study of chest wall reconstruction using carbon fiber artificial rib.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of modified and traditional cortical bone trajectory technique on adjacent segment degeneration in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion-finite element analysis.
Title: Generation of 3D finite element mesh of layered geological bodies in intersecting fault zones.
Title: Material properties in regenerating axolotl limbs using inverse finite element analysis.
Title: Corrigendum to "Multiscale mechanical responses of young and elderly human femurs: A finite element investigation" [Bone 153(2021) 116125].
Title: A finite element method study of the effect of vibration on the dynamic biomechanical response of the lumbar spine.
Title: A 3D dynamic finite element analysis of biomechanical behaviour of maxilla and fixative appliances following advancement Le Fort I surgery applied in different lengths.
Title: Development and evaluation of sex-specific thoracolumbar spine finite element models to study spine biomechanics.
Title: An investigation of tendon strains in jersey finger injury load cases using a finite element neuromuscular human body model.
Title: Running-in behavior of dual-mobility cup during the gait cycle: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modeling to predict the influence of anatomic variation and implant placement on performance of biological intervertebral disc implants.
Title: Retracted: Investigation of Utilizing Industrial Waste Residue Proportion on Concrete Structure: Computer Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Characterizing atherosclerotic tissues: 
Title: Biomechanical effects of different loads and constraints on finite element modeling of the humerus.
Title: Optimization of Pedicle Screw Parameters for Enhancing Implant Stability Based on Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element modeling and analysis of effect of preexisting cervical degenerative disease on the spinal cord during flexion and extension.
Title: Fibrous finite element modeling of the optic nerve head region.
Title: Evaluation of Various Fixation Methods in Acute Scapholunate Dissociation, A Finite Element Study.
Title: Comparison of sacroiliac screw techniques for unstable sacroiliac joint disruptions: a finite element model analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Effect for Different Thicknesses and Stitching Densities under the Low-Velocity Impact of Stitched Composite Laminates.
Title: Comparison of Coupled Electrochemical and Thermal Modelling Strategies of 18650 Li-Ion Batteries in Finite Element Analysis-A Review.
Title: Eigenvibrations of Kirchhoff Rectangular Random Plates on Time-Fractional Viscoelastic Supports via the Stochastic Finite Element Method.
Title: Modified Characteristic Finite Element Method with Second-Order Spatial Accuracy for Solving Convection-Dominated Problem on Surfaces.
Title: Screw Stress Distribution in a Clavicle Fracture with Plate Fixation: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Validation of the Finite Element Model versus Biomechanical Assessments of Dental Implants and Total Knee Replacements.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of miniscrew-assisted molar distalization with clear aligners: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of different designs of hybrid abutment-restoration on the posterior crown: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Axial Gradient Porous Dental Implants: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanics and finite element analysis comparing posterior T-plates with LCP for fixation of posterolateral tibial plate fractures.
Title: Asymmetric Load Transmission Induces Facet Joint Subchondral Sclerosis and Hypertrophy in Patients with Idiopathic Adolescent Scoliosis: Evaluation Using Finite Element Model and Surgical Specimen.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of the Effect of Implant Crown Materials on Implant Components and Bone Stress Distribution: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Modeling and simulation credibility assessments of whole-body finite element computational models for use in NASA extravehicular activity applications.
Title: Biological dispersion in the time domain using finite element method software.
Title: Biomechanical performance of resin composite on dental tissue restoration: A finite element analysis.
Title: Retracted: Effect of Model Parameters on the Biomechanical Behavior of the Finite Element Cervical Spine Model.
Title: Finite element mechanical analysis of ipsilateral approach and contralateral approach in unilateral bilateral endoscopic spine surgery.
Title: Flexural Properties of Periodic Lattice Structured Lightweight Cantilever Beams Fabricated Using Additive Manufacturing: Experimental and Finite Element Methods.
Title: Proximal femoral bionic nail-a novel internal fixation system for the treatment of femoral neck fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: The effect of frontal trauma on the edentulous mandible with four different interforaminal implant-prosthodontic anchoring configurations. A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparative finite element analysis between a conventional proximal interphalangeal joint flexible hinge implant and a novel implant design using a rolling contact joint mechanism.
Title: Finite element analysis and a pilot study of different fixation constructs for Danis-Weber A and B lateral malleolus fractures.
Title: Tether pre-tension within vertebral body tethering reduces motion of the spine and influences coupled motion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Impact of support instruments in medial closed-wedge distal femoral osteotomy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Dynamic biomechanical changes of clear aligners during extraction space closure: Finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of different internal fixation implants in the treatment of talar neck fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Quantitative Comparison of Analytical Solution and Finite Element Method for Investigation of Near-infrared Light Propagation in Brain Tissue Model.
Title: HiDeNN-FEM: A seamless machine learning approach to nonlinear finite element analysis.
Title: Resistance and Stress Analysis of 3D Plate and Locking Plate Fixation in Bilateral Sagittal Split Osteotomy: A Comparative Finite Element Study.
Title: Management of Lingual Cortex Fracture of Mandible Using Lingual Arch Bar: A Finite Element Analysis of Reduction with a Pilot Clinical Trial.
Title: Influence of restorative materials on the mechanical properties of maxillary first molars with different degrees of cryptic fractures and defects: A finite element analysis.
Title: Failure in articular cartilage: Finite element predictions of stress, strain, and pressure under micro-indentation induced fracture.
Title: Comparison of the effects of different artificial discs on hybrid surgery: A finite element analysis.
Title: Assessment of biomechanical properties of the new two-hole miniplate internal fixation for bony mallet finger treatment by finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical behaviour of a novel bone cement screw in the minimally invasive treatment of Kummell's disease: a finite element study.
Title: MATLAB-based innovative 3D finite element method simulator for optimized real-time hyperthermia analysis.
Title: Biomechanical differences between two different shapes of oblique lumbar interbody fusion cages on whether to add posterior internal fixation system: a finite element analysis.
Title: QCT-based 3D finite element modeling to assess patient-specific hip fracture risk and risk factors.
Title: Biomechanical insights into ankle instability: a finite element analysis of posterior malleolus fractures.
Title: Investigation of lethal thresholds of nanosecond pulsed electric field in rabbit VX2 hepatic tumors through finite element analysis and verification with a single-needle bipolar electrode: A prospective strategy employing three-dimensional comparisons.
Title: Different Surgical Techniques in the All-on-4 Treatment Concept: Evaluation of the Stress Distribution Created in Implant and Peripheral Bone with Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of deep anterior lamellar keratoplasty: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of the effects of different distalization systems on dentoalveolar structures in Class II malocclusions using finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of pre-stress on dynamic finite element analysis of the temporomandibular joint.
Title: EEG Source Analysis with a Convolutional Neural Network and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Design of a 3D prosthesis of the big toe for amputees due to diabetes mellitus type II and finite element analysis.
Title: Integrating Finite Element Method for Multiscale Modeling and Simulation of Retinal Ganglion Cell Stimulation Strategies.
Title: An idealized human cardiomyocyte finite element model for studying the interaction between the cross-bridge state and cell mechanical response
Title: Effects of dynamic and rigid implantation on biomechanical characteristics of different sagittal alignment lumbar after single- or double-level spinal fixations: a finite-element modeling study.
Title: Theoretical and experimental study on the photothermal effect of palladium nanoparticles based on a finite element model.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Chondrolabral Lesions in Pincer-Type Femoroacetabular Impingement.
Title: Retracted: 3D Finite Element Analysis of Seismic Response of Rigid Pile Composite Foundation with Microprobe Group.
Title: Retracted: Establishment of a Finite Element Model of Normal Nasal Bone and Analysis of Its Biomechanical Characteristics.
Title: Study of mechanical effects of lumbar disc arthroplasty on facet joints at the index level/adjacent levels by using a validated finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative study of mechanical performance of various fixation constructs in multifragmentary distal humeral shaft fracture: a finite element analysis.
Title: Physiological and Physical Strategies to Minimize Damage at the Branch-Stem Junction of Trees: Using the Finite Element Method to Analyze Stress in Four Branch-Stem Features.
Title: Diagnosing Middle Ear Malformation by Pure-Tone Audiometry Using a Three-Dimensional Finite Element Model: A Case-Control Study.
Title: Extended Finite Element Method (XFEM) Model for the Damage Mechanisms Present in Joints Bonded Using Adhesives Doped with Inorganic Fillers.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Subperiosteal Implants in Edentulism-On the Basis of the MaI Implant
Title: Biomechanical Efficacy of Three Methods for the Fixation of Posterior Malleolar Fractures: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Study.
Title: Mechanical behavior of endodontically treated teeth: A three-dimensional finite element analysis using displacement vector.
Title: Comparison of different internal fixation models in ankle arthrodesis using 3D finite-element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of two treatment concepts of four implants supporting fixed prosthesis in an atrophic maxilla: finite element analysis.
Title: The effect of periapical bone defects on stress distribution in teeth with periapical periodontitis: a finite element analysis.
Title: Hip joint stress distribution changes depending on three-dimensional pelvic orientation: Finite-element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of non-bridged external-fixation frames for the treatment of AO A2.2 fractures of distal radius.
Title: Evaluation of bone mineral density in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis using a three-dimensional finite element model: a retrospective study.
Title: The effect of deep learning-based lesion segmentation on failure load calculations of metastatic femurs using finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of abutment type and creep behavior on the mechanical properties of implant restorations in the anterior region: A finite element analysis.
Title: The effect of root canal treatment and post-crown restorations on stress distribution in teeth with periapical periodontitis: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical characteristics of a novel interspinous distraction fusion device in the treatment of lumbar degenerative diseases: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modeling of fracture compression by compression plates.
Title: Finite element analysis of basicervical femoral neck fracture treated with proximal femoral bionic nail.
Title: Biomedical analysis of four fixation systems in treatment of type II traumatic spondylolisthesis of the axis: a finite element analysis.
Title: Letter to the editor concerning "structure-mechanical analysis of various fixation constructs for basicervical fractures of the proximal femur and clinical implications; finite element analysis".
Title: Is it reasonable to shorten the length of cemented stems? A finite element analysis and biomechanical experiment.
Title: Investigation of mechanical behavior on the cement hip spacer geometry under finite element method and compression load test.
Title: Biomechanical effects of different staging and attachment designs in maxillary molar distalization with clear aligner: a finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Modeling for Biomechanical Comparisons of Multilevel Transforaminal, Posterior, and Lateral Lumbar Approaches to Interbody Fusion Augmented with Posterior Instrumentation.
Title: Mechanism of balloon burst during transcatheter aortic valve replacement pre-dilatation: Image observation and validation by finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of multi-rod constructs to stabilize an S1 pedicle subtraction osteotomy (PSO): a finite element analysis.
Title: In Situ Flexible Needle Adjustment Towards MRI-Guided Spinal Injections Based on Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Biomechanical effects of joint disc perforation on the temporomandibular joint: a 3D finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of bird impact with windshield of a vehicle.
Title: Indices of sarcopenic obesity are important predictors of finite element analysis-derived bone strength in older adults with obesity.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of different posterior fixation techniques for treating thoracolumbar burst fractures of osteoporosis old patients: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation on the possibility of sound conduction independent of tympanic air cavity for severe tympanic adhesion patients by finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of a novel anterior transpedicular screw-plate system for anterior cervical corpectomy and fusion (ACCF): a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of three implants for treating unstable femoral intertrochanteric fractures: finite element analysis in axial, bending and torsion loads.
Title: A comparative analysis of using cage acrossing the vertebral ring apophysis in normal and osteoporotic models under endplate injury: a finite element analysis.
Title: A 3D finite element model to simulate progressive damage in unidirectional- and woven-fibre thermoplastic discontinuous-long-fibre composites.
Title: Erratum: Publisher's Note: "Finite element analysis of electric field distribution during direct current stimulation of the spinal cord: Implications for device design" [APL Bioeng. 
Title: Combining finite element and reinforcement learning methods to design superconducting coils of saturated iron-core superconducting fault current limiter in the DC power system.
Title: Correction: Evaluation of different models of intrusive force application and temporary anchorage device (TAD) placement in total arch intrusion using clear aligners; a finite element analysis.
Title: Automated surgical planning in spring-assisted sagittal craniosynostosis correction using finite element analysis and machine learning.
Title: Finite element analyses of three minimally invasive fixation techniques for treating Sanders type II intra-articular calcaneal fractures.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of the three-dimensionally printed surgical plates for mandibular defect reconstruction: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of aligner activation and power arm length and material on canine displacement and periodontal ligament stress: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the angle range in trans-inferior alveolar nerve implantation at the mandibular second molar.
Title: Development of a virtual reality-based zygomatic implant surgery training system with global collision detection and optimized finite element method model.
Title: Research Progress and Forensic Application of Human Vascular Finite Element Modeling and Biomechanics.
Title: The Influence of Materials on Footwear Behaviour: A Finite Element Simulation Study.
Title: Comparison between Novel Anatomical Locking Guide Plate and Conventional Locking Plate for Acetabular Fractures: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Normal and Dysplastic Hip Joints in Children.
Title: Functional Load Capacity of Teeth with Reduced Periodontal Support: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparative Biomechanical Analysis of Unilateral, Bilateral, and Lateral Pedicle Screw Implantation in Oblique Lumbar Interbody Fusion: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Crestal and Subcrestal Placement of Morse Cone Implant-Abutment Connection Implants: An In Vitro Finite Element Analysis (FEA) Study.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Different Load Cases with an Implant-Supported Full Bridge on Four Implants in an Edentulous Mandible: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis (3D-FEA).
Title: Mechanical Behavior of Repaired Monolithic Crowns: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element study of the fatigue behaviour of nickel-titanium endodontic files utilised with pecking motion technique.
Title: Development and Finite Element (FE) analysis of a novel short hip stem concept.
Title: Region-Dependent Mechanical Properties of Human Brain Tissue Under Large Deformations Using Inverse Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Mechanical stress distribution over the palate by different pacifiers assessed by finite element analysis and clinical data.
Title: Bayesian Optimization-Based Inverse Finite Element Analysis for Atrioventricular Heart Valves.
Title: Biomechanical analysis for different mandibular total distalization methods with clear aligners: A finite element study.
Title: [Finite element analysis for predicting osteonecrosis of the femoral head collapse based on the preserved angles].
Title: [Finite element analysis of artificial ankle elastic improved inserts].
Title: Effects of upper arch expansion using clear aligners on different stride and torque: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: A geometry-based finite element tool for evaluating mitral valve biomechanics.
Title: A multiscale finite element model of left ventricular mechanics incorporating baroreflex regulation.
Title: The displacement of teeth and stress distribution on periodontal ligament under different upper incisors proclination with clear aligner in cases of extraction: a finite element study.
Title: Numerical study on the effect of temperature rise of humeral bone nails in magnetic resonance imaging based on the finite-element method.
Title: Finite element analysis in the optimization of posterior-stabilized total knee arthroplasty.
Title: Biomechanics and finite element analysis of a novel plate designed for posterolateral tibial plateau fractures via the anterolateral approach.
Title: Characterization of mechanical stiffness using additive manufacturing and finite element analysis: potential tool for bone health assessment.
Title: Biomechanical behavior and Weibull survival of CAD-CAM endocrowns with different marginal designs: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Potential of computational models in personalized treatment of obstructive sleep apnea: a patient-specific partial 3D finite element study.
Title: A novel method for assigning bone material properties to a comprehensive patient-specific pelvic finite element model using biplanar multi-energy radiographs.
Title: 3D finite element analysis of stress distribution as a result of oblique and horizontal forces after regenerative endodontic treatment part II: comparison of material thickness.
Title: Effect of intramedullary nail stiffness on load-sharing in tibiotalocalcaneal arthrodesis: A patient-specific finite element study.
Title: Neural-driven activation of 3D muscle within a finite element framework: exploring applications in healthy and neurodegenerative simulations.
Title: Finite element analysis of sagittal screw expander appliance in the treatment of anterior maxillary hypoplasia.
Title: 3D patient-specific modeling and structural finite element analysis of atherosclerotic carotid artery based on computed tomography angiography.
Title: Total mesialization of the mandibular dentition using a mini-implant-supported device : A finite element analysis.
Title: The use of finite element models for backface deformation and body armour design: a systematic review.
Title: Design, Optimization and Performance Assessment of Single Port Film Bulk Acoustic Resonator through Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Fabry-Perot Cavity Optimization for Absolute Strain Sensing Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Design and Finite Element Simulation of a Novel 3D-CMUT Device for Simultaneous Sensing of In-Plane and Out-of-Plane Displacements of Ultrasonic Guided Waves.
Title: Finite-Element-Analysis-Based Study of a Failure Phenomenon in HDPE Pipes.
Title: Single implant retained overdentures: Evaluation of effect of implant length and diameter on stress distribution by finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis comparing a PEEK posterior fixation device versus pedicle screws for lumbar fusion.
Title: Preliminary exploration of the biomechanical properties of three novel cervical porous fusion cages using a finite element study.
Title: Exploring the Biomedical Potential of PLA/Dysprosium Phosphate Composites via Extrusion-Based 3D Printing: Design, Morphological, Mechanical, and Multimodal Imaging and Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Regional Strain Response of an Anatomically Accurate Human Finite Element Head Model Under Frontal Versus Lateral Loading.
Title: Strain Response of an Anatomically Accurate Nonhuman Primate Finite Element Brain Model Under Sagittal Loading.
Title: Retracted: Finite Element Prediction on Fracture Load of Femur with Osteogenesis Imperfecta under Various Loading Conditions.
Title: Patient-specific bone material modelling can improve the predicted biomechanical outcomes of sacral fracture fixation techniques: A comparative finite element study.
Title: A novel configuration for the fixation of intra-articular C2.3 distal humerus fractures with the potential for minimally invasive surgery: a biomechanical evaluation and finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Finite Element Analysis of Endocrowns and Traditional Restorations for Endodontically Treated Mandibular First Molars.
Title: Author Correction: Oblique lateral interbody fusion with internal fixations in the treatment for cross-segment degenerative lumbar spine disease (L2-3 and L4-5) finite element analysis.
Title: Neonatal Hip Loading in Developmental Dysplasia: Finite Element Simulation of Proximal Femur Growth and Treatment.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of retracting pathological migration of the right upper central incisor with a clear aligner.
Title: Finite element analysis of the use of two new types of internal fixation for acetabular fractures.
Title: Biomechanical study of a new rim plate fixation strategy for two kinds of posterolateral depression patterns of tibial plateau fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: A Safe Technique for Excising the Perpendicular Plate of the Ethmoid Bone in Patients with Crooked Nose: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis Model for Assessing Expansion Patterns from Surgically Assisted Rapid Palatal Expansion.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of carbon fiber-reinforced polyetheretherketone as a dental implant material in implant-supported overdenture under mandibular trauma: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Custom-made Subperiosteal Implants: A Finite Element Analysis on Monoblock and Dual Implant Systems in Atrophic Maxilla.
Title: Finite element analysis of electric field distribution during direct current stimulation of the spinal cord: Implications for device design.
Title: A time-consistent stabilized finite element method for fluids with applications to hemodynamics.
Title: Finite element analysis of zonular forces.
Title: Development and validation of a digital twin of the human lower jaw under impact loading by using non-linear finite element analyses.
Title: Quantifying the Importance of Active Muscle Repositioning a Finite Element Neck Model in Flexion Using Kinematic, Kinetic, and Tissue-Level Responses.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the uprighting movement of mandibular mesially inclined second molars.
Title: Design and Simulation of the Microcantilever Biosensor for MITF Antigen and D5 Monoclonal Antibody Interaction Finite Element Analysis, and Experimental.
Title: Process Analysis and Parameter Selection of Cardiomyocyte Electroporation Based on the Finite Element Method.
Title: Biomechanical performance of dental implants inserted in different mandible locations and at different angles: A finite element study.
Title: Novel screw-cable integrated system(SCIS) for minimally invasive treatment of patella transverse fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis comparison of Type 42A2 fracture fixed with external titanium alloy locking plate and traditional external fixation frame.
Title: Finite-element-analysis of connection strength of assembled camshafts with different cam-bore profiles using tube hydroforming technology.
Title: Comparison of anterior column reconstruction techniques after en bloc spondylectomy: a finite element study.
Title: Effect of power arm length combined with additional anterior torque on the axial orientation of the maxillary incisors during en-masse retraction: A finite element analysis.
Title: Cost-Effectiveness Analysis of CT-Based Finite Element Modeling for Osteoporosis Screening in Secondary Fracture Prevention: An Early Health Technology Assessment in the Netherlands.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of sandwich vertebrae in osteoporotic patients: finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of the Roof Step Cut Technique with the Bulk Bone Graft Technique During Total Hip Arthroplasty for Hip Dysplasia: a Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Finite Element Analysis of Percutaneous Endoscopic Lumbar Discectomy via a Transforaminal Approach.
Title: Structural Uncertainty Analysis of High-Temperature Strain Gauge Based on Monte Carlo Stochastic Finite Element Method.
Title: Multiphysics Modeling and Analysis of Sc-Doped AlN Thin Film Based Piezoelectric Micromachined Ultrasonic Transducer by Finite Element Method.
Title: Model-Optimizing Radiofrequency Parameters of 3D Finite Element Analysis for Ablation of Benign Thyroid Nodules.
Title: Treatment of Lumbar Degenerative Disease with a Novel Interlaminar Screw Elastic Spacer Technique: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of repairing tympanic membrane perforation using autologous graft material and biodegradable bionic cobweb scaffold.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Titanium Dental Implants in the All-on-4 Treatment with Different Implant-Abutment Connections: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Study.
Title: The Porosity Design and Deformation Behavior Analysis of Additively Manufactured Bone Scaffolds through Finite Element Modelling and Mechanical Property Investigations.
Title: Optimization of Fixations for Additively Manufactured Cranial Implants: Insights from Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Nonlinear Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution and Microstrain Evaluation in Short Dental Implants with Three Different Implant-Abutment Connections in Single and Splinted Conditions in the Posterior Mandible.
Title: A novel technique for implementing the finite element method in a shallow water equation.
Title: Validation and evaluation of subject-specific finite element models of the pediatric knee.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of a Notched Insert Design for Reverse Total Shoulder Arthroplasty to Prevent Scapular Notching.
Title: A finite element method for modeling diffusion of alpha-emitting particles in tissue.
Title: From Finite Element Simulations to Equivalent Circuit Models of Extracellular Neuronal Recording Systems Based on Planar and Mushroom Electrodes.
Title: A novel technique of a new cannulated screw for treatment of inferior pole patellar fractures: a finite element study.
Title: Candy box technique for the fixation of inferior pole patellar fractures: finite element analysis and biomechanical experiments.
Title: Biomechanical explanation of W-plasty effectiveness using a finite element method approach.
Title: Effective prediction finite element model of pull-out capacity for cast-in-place anchor in high strain rate effects.
Title: Assessment of the elastic stiffness of human cardiac fibres after an apical infarction using finite element simulation.
Title: A 3D Finite Element Analysis of biomechanical effects on teeth and bone during true intrusion of posteriors using miniscrews.
Title: Biomechanical effects of iatrogenic muscle-ligaments complex damage on adjacent segments following posterior lumbar interbody fusion: A finite element analysis.
Title: Plate fixation optimization for distal femoral fractures with segmental bone loss: Defining the preferred screw distribution using finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative evaluation to study the effect of implant support on complete fixed dental prosthesis fabricated with peek framework when implants placed in all-on-4 and all-on-6 situation, by strain gauge analysis and finite element analysis - An 
Title: The effect of annulus fibrosus incision and foraminoplasty on lumbar biomechanics in percutaneous endoscopic lumbar discectomy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Cervical Column and Cord and Column Responses in Whiplash With Stenosis: A Finite Element Modeling Study.
Title: Comparison of Load-Sharing Responses Between Graded Posterior Cervical Foraminotomy and Conventional Fusion Using Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Retracted: Medical Imaging Diagnosis of Anterior Cruciate Ligament Injury Based on Intelligent Finite-Element Algorithm.
Title: Retracted: Finite Element Analysis of Femoral-Acetabular Impingement (FAI) Based on Three-Dimensional Reconstruction.
Title: Retracted: Sports Injury Modeling of the Anterior Cruciate Ligament Based on the Intelligent Finite Element Algorithm.
Title: Hybrid surface implants: Influence of residual stress on mechanical behavior, evaluated by finite element analysis and validation by fatigue tests.
Title: Biomechanical characterization of normal and pathological human ascending aortic tissues via biaxial testing Experiment, constitutive modeling and finite element analysis.
Title: A guide to finite element analysis models of the spine for clinicians.
Title: Finite element method as an alternative to study the electronic structure of confined atoms.
Title: Author Correction: Automation of structural health monitoring (SHM) system of a bridge using BIMification approach and BIM-based finite element model development.
Title: [Finite element analysis of five internal fixation modes in treatment of Day type 
Title: Stress Analysis of Endodontically Treated Tooth-Implant Different Connectors Designs in Maxillary Posterior Region: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Enhancing the mechanical stability of restored teeth with interfacial cracks: Finite element analysis.
Title: Current poisson's ratio values of finite element models are too low to consider soft tissues nearly-incompressible: illustration on the human heel region.
Title: Comparing the Efficiency of a Newly Designed Spring With the T Loop for Buccal Canine Disimpaction: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Tensile Stress Reduction and Strain Concentration of Epoxy Resin Caused by Heterogeneity: A Multiscale Approach Combining Molecular Dynamics Simulation and Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite element analysis of the temperature distribution within a Conduction-Cooled, MgB
Title: Assessment of biomechanical behavior of immature non-vital incisors with various treatment modalities by means of three-dimensional quasi-static finite element analysis.
Title: Dynamic finite element modelling of the macaque mandible during a complete mastication gape cycle.
Title: Stress distribution of the modified clear twin-block aligner on the temporomandibular joint, alveolar bone and teeth: A finite element analysis.
Title: A Large-Scale Sensor Layout Optimization Algorithm for Improving the Accuracy of Inverse Finite Element Method.
Title: Verification of Composite Beam Theory with Finite Element Model for Pretensioned Concrete Members with Prestressing FRP Tendons.
Title: The Effect of Hole Geometry on the Nonlinear Nanomechanics of 
Title: Comperative evaluation of the current and new design miniplate fixation techniques of the advanced sagittal split ramus osteotomy using three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of carbon-fiber-reinforced polyetheretherketone on stress distribution in a redesigned tumor-type knee prosthesis: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical stability of oblique lateral interbody fusion combined with four types of internal fixations: finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of plantar fascia stiffness on the internal mechanics of idiopathic pes cavus by finite element analysis: implications for metatarsalgia.
Title: Evaluation of different models of intrusive force application and temporary anchorage device (TAD) placement in total arch intrusion using clear aligners; a finite element analysis.
Title: Miniscrews position for a tissue bone borne palatal C-expander affects the displacement pattern of nasomaxillary complex: a finite element study.
Title: Oblique lateral interbody fusion with internal fixations in the treatment for cross-segment degenerative lumbar spine disease (L2-3 and L4-5) finite element analysis.
Title: A multiscale investigation into the role of collagen-hyaluronan interface shear on the mechanical behaviour of collagen fibers in annulus fibrosus - Molecular dynamics-cohesive finite element-based study.
Title: Occlusal Loading Effect on Stress Distribution of Endodontically Treated Teeth: Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Finite element-based diffraction correction for piezoelectric transducers accounting for diffraction at transmission, propagation, and reception.
Title: Femoral Bowing Increases Early Postoperative Stress around the Femoral Stem in Humans: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Heat transfer study and optimization of nanofluid triangular cavity with a pentagonal barrier by finite element approach and RSM.
Title: Comparative Assessment of the Efficacy of Newly Designed Multiple Variability Loop and Opus Loop for Anterior en Masse Retraction in Orthodontics: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Effective contribution ratio of the molar during sequential distalization using clear aligners and micro-implant anchorage: a finite element study.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element stress analysis of surface-mounted inlays in repairing pulp-penetrating non-carious cervical lesion of maxillary first premolar.
Title: What is the stable internal fixation for the unstable and osteoporotic supracondylar femoral fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Fracture Resistance of Mandibular Molars with Different Access Cavity Designs.
Title: Options for Access Cavity Designs of Mandibular Incisors: Mechanical Aspects from Finite Element Study.
Title: Development, Physiochemical characterization, Mechanical and Finite element analysis of 3D printed Polylactide-β-TCP/α-Al
Title: Reference value of testicular temperature measured by finite element analysis after first staged inguinal orchidopexy in children with abdominal testis and short spermatic cord.
Title: A Scientific Proposal for Surgical Decision-Making in Occult Intertrochanteric Fractures Based on Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of graded posterior element and ligament removal on annulus stress and segmental stability in lumbar spine stenosis: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite element stress analysis of dental cement application on endocrown and onlay restoration.
Title: Don't forget to overcorrect and much more: The current finite element analysis publications related to clear-aligner treatments.
Title: Stress distribution and displacement with four different types of MARPE on craniofacial complex: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: A Novel Fiber-Reinforced Poroviscoelastic Bovine Intervertebral Disc Finite Element Model for Organ Culture Experiment Simulations.
Title: A case report on digital preoperative design, clinical application and finite element analysis for a patient with ankylosing spondylitis kyphosis.
Title: Finite element analysis of elliptical shaped stem profile of hip prosthesis using dynamic loading conditions.
Title: Effect of customized abutment taper configuration on bone remodeling and peri-implant tissue around implant-supported single crown: A 3D nonlinear finite element study.
Title: Delamination Detection and Localization in Vibrating Composite Plates and Shells Using the Inverse Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Simulation and Experimental Assessment of Laser Cutting Unidirectional CFRP at Cutting Angles of 45° and 90°.
Title: Finite Element Study for Mass Sensitivity of Love Surface Acoustic Wave Sensor with Si
Title: Elucidation of the Mechanism of Occasional Anterior Longitudinal Ligament Rupture with Posterior Correction Procedure for Adult Spinal Deformity Using LLIF-Finite Element Analysis of the Impact of the Lordotic Angle of Intervertebral LLIF Cage.
Title: Package Design Thermal Optimization for Metal-Oxide Gas Sensors by Finite Element Modeling and Infra-Red Imaging Characterization.
Title: Characterization and Design of Three-Phase Particulate Composites: Microstructure-Free Finite Element Modeling vs. Analytical Micromechanics Models.
Title: Finite Element Evaluation of the Electric Field Distribution in a Non-Homogeneous Environment.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Head-Neck Kinematics in Rear-End Impact Conditions with Headrest.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Different Sitting Postures and Physiologic Movements on the Lumbar Spine: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Localized Refractive Changes Induced by Symmetric and Progressive Asymmetric Intracorneal Ring Segments Assessed with a 3D Finite-Element Model.
Title: Stress Effect in the Knee Joint Based on the Fibular Osteotomy Level and Varus Deformity: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Mandibular Titanium Miniplates Change the Biomechanical Behaviour of the Mandible in the Case of Facial Trauma: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical performance evaluation of a modified proximal humerus locking plate for distal humerus shaft fracture using finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element-based feasibility study on utilizing heat flux sensors for early detection of vascular graft infections.
Title: Queries regarding clinical finite element analysis of mandibular displacement model treated with Twin-block appliance.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Different Treatment Strategies for Thoracolumbar Burst Fracture: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Crack Propagation and Fatigue Performance of Partial Posterior Indirect Restorations: An Extended Finite Element Method Study.
Title: Determining Stress in Metallic Conducting Layers of Microelectronics Devices Using High Resolution Electron Backscatter Diffraction and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effects of overtreatment with different attachment positions on maxillary anchorage enhancement with clear aligners: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Intradiscal cement leakage (ICL) increases the stress on adjacent vertebrae after kyphoplasty for osteoporotic vertebra compression fracture (OVCF): a finite-element study.
Title: Patient-specific finite element analysis of human corneal lenticules: An experimental and numerical study.
Title: Automatic dose prediction using deep learning and plan optimization with finite-element control for intensity modulated radiation therapy.
Title: The effect of space arrangement between anterior teeth on their retraction with clear aligners in first premolar extraction treatment: a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of a novel individualized zero-profile cage for anterior cervical discectomy and fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of different surgical treatments for stage II progressive collapsing foot deformity: a finite element analysis.
Title: Numerical analysis of pile group, piled raft, and footing using finite element software PLAXIS 2D and GEO5.
Title: Investigating the impact of diameters and thread designs on the Biomechanics of short implants placed in D4 bone: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Micro finite element analysis of continuously loaded mini-implants - A micro-CT study in the rat tail model.
Title: The impact of femoral rotation on sacroiliac articulation during pregnancy. Is there evidence to support Farabeuf's hypothesis by finite element modelization?
Title: Comparing zero-profile and conventional cage and plate in anterior cervical discectomy and fusion using finite-element modeling.
Title: Biomechanical effects of S1 sacroiliac screws versus S2 sacroiliac screws on sacroiliac screws combined with a lumbar iliac fixation in the treatment of vertical sacral fractures: a biomechanical finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element simulation study on vertical bearing characteristics of single pile with ram-compacted bearing sphere.
Title: Automatic generation of subject-specific finite element models of the spine from magnetic resonance images.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison between Rotational Scarf Osteotomy and Translational Scarf Osteotomy: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Tissue Strains Computation to Evaluate the Mechanical Protection Provided by a New Bilayer Dressing for Heel Pressure Injuries.
Title: Do lateral ankle ligaments contribute to syndesmotic stability: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite element analysis of the knee joint stress after partial meniscectomy for meniscus horizontal cleavage tears.
Title: A comparative evaluation of equivalent circuit and finite element electrical skin modelling techniques.
Title: Impact of implant location on load distribution of implant-assisted removable partial dentures: a review of in vitro model and finite-element analysis studies.
Title: Experimental and finite element analysis of the generation mechanism of high impulse noise overpressure (caused by a recoilless weapon) at the bottom of the ear.
Title: Digital wrist tomosynthesis (DWT)-based finite element analysis of ultra-distal radius differentiates patients with and without a history of osteoporotic fracture.
Title: Stability of Three-Dimensional Printed Custom-Made Metaphyseal Cone for Tibial Bone Defects Reconstruction: A Finite Element Analysis and Biomechanical Study.
Title: Accurate simulation of THz generation with finite-element time domain methods.
Title: Magnetization reversals in core-shell sphere clusters: finite-element micromagnetic simulation and machine learning analysis.
Title: Combined finite-element and scalar diffraction simulation of light scattering on zone edges of diffractive intraocular lenses.
Title: Semi-automated generation of bone loss defects around dental implants and its application in finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of conventional preparation with modified access preparation on fracture resistance of primary molars - A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of ultrasound elastography, magnetic resonance elastography and finite element model to quantify nonlinear shear modulus.
Title: Effects of different running intensities on the micro-level failure strain of rat femoral cortical bone structures: a finite element investigation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Occlusal Interferences in Dental Prosthetics Caused by Occlusal Adjustment.
Title: Assessment of Stress Distribution Around Dental Implants Based on the All-on-Four Treatment Concept using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis of Stress Allocation around Three Types of Abutment-Implant Interfaces.
Title: Outcome of Implant Diameter and Length on the Distribution of Stress with Immediate Loaded Implants: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Patient-Specific 3D-Printed Cranial Implant Manufactured with PMMA and PEEK: A Mechanical Comparative Study.
Title: Application of Extended Finite Element Method for Studying Crack Propagation of Welded Strip Steel in the Cold Rolling Process.
Title: Correction: Static mechanical analysis of the vertebral body after modified anterior cervical discectomy and fusion (partial vertebral osteotomy): a finite element model.
Title: Study of a bioinspired rigid-flexible coupling structure based on dragonfly wing by optical/electron microscopy and finite element analysis.
Title: Contact stress distribution after unilateral condylar fracture with angulation of the fractured part: A finite element model study.
Title: Effect of Dental Glass Fiber Posts on Root Stresses and Fracture Behavior of Endodontically Treated Maxillary Central Incisors: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Biomechanical effects of different materials for an occlusal device on implant-supported rehabilitation in a tooth clenching situation: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of the effect of different rubber dam clamps on the mandibular first molar with Finite element analysis.
Title: Stress distribution in endodontically treated single-rooted premolars restored with everstick post and sharonlay: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Biomechanical Analysis of Anterior Process Locking Plate Alone versus Combined with Percutaneous Cannulated Screw Fixation for Sanders Type II Calcaneal Fractures: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite Element Parametric Design of Hallux Valgus Orthosis Based on Orthogonal Analysis.
Title: Assessment of finite element human body and ATD models in estimating injury risk in far-side impacts using field-based injury risk.
Title: Finite element analysis predictions in the canine lumbar spine are useful and correlate with ex vivo biomechanical studies.
Title: Prediction of skull fractures in blunt force head traumas using finite element head models.
Title: Comparison of stainless steel and titanium-molybdenum alloy closing loop archwires using numeric simulation model based on finite element method.
Title: Fracture resistance and failure pattern of endodontically treated maxillary premolars restored with transfixed glass fiber post: an 
Title: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of the Stress Distribution Around the Bone Mini-Implant Interface Based on the Mini-Implant Angle of Insertion, Diameter, and Length.
Title: Biomechanical Properties of Maxillary Second Molar with Different Endodontic Cavity Designs - A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effects on different full-coverage designs and materials of crack propagation in first mandibular molar: an extended finite element method study.
Title: The influence of over-distraction on biomechanical response of cervical spine post anterior interbody fusion: a comprehensive finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical properties of lumbar vertebral ring apophysis cage under endplate injury: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Effect of Ankle Ligament Injury in AO Type 44B2.1 Lateral Malleolus Fractures After Lateral Plate Fixation: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Computational Mechanical Analysis of AO 44A1, 44B1, and 44C1 Fractures with Finite Element Modeling: Evaluation of Screw, Plate, and Kirschner Wire Fixation.
Title: Stress distribution for mandibular extra-alveolar anchorage at different angles and force magnitudes: a finite element study.
Title: Impact Location Dependence of Behind Armor Blunt Trauma Injury Assessed Using a Human Body Finite Element Model.
Title: Comparative evaluation of the dentoalveolar effects of three Class II correctors: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Lateral cortical notching facilitates dynamization of proximal femoral nailing - A finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of the internal contact surfaces of dental implants on screw loosening: A 3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Establishment of a Three-Dimensional Finite Element Model and Mechanical Analysis of the Upper Lip Flap With Secondary Cleft Lip Deformity.
Title: Estimation of Crystalline Lens Material Properties From Patient Accommodation Data and Finite Element Models.
Title: Finite element modeling of the human cervical spinal cord and its applications: A systematic review.
Title: Fatigue life of 3D-printed porous titanium dental implants predicted by validated finite element simulations.
Title: The role of the depth of resection of the distal tibia on biomechanical performance of the tibial component for TAR: A finite element analysis with three implant designs.
Title: Influence of stem design parameters on periprosthetic femoral fractures examined by subject specific finite element analyses.
Title: Biomechanical Study of Minimally Invasive Nonfusion Surgery for Treatment of Disc Herniation Associated with Adjacent Segment Disease: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A combined experimental and finite element analysis of the human elbow under loads of daily living.
Title: The Effects of Different Femoral Component Materials on Bone and Implant Response in Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Cortical and Trabecular Bone Stress Assessment during Periodontal Breakdown-A Comparative Finite Element Analysis of Multiple Failure Criteria.
Title: Finite Deformation of Scleral Tissue under Electrical Stimulation: An Arbitrary Lagrangian-Eulerian Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Analysis (FEA) of a Premaxillary Device: A New Type of Subperiosteal Implant to Treat Severe Atrophy of the Maxilla.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Different Surgical Approaches for the Treatment of Adjacent Segment Diseases after Primary Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The Effect of the Hip Flexion Angle in Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head Based on China-Japan Friendship Hospital Classification - A Finite Element Study.
Title: Effect of remaining pericervical dentin on biomechanical behavior of endocrown-restored molars with different materials: Three-dimensional finite element and Weibull analyses.
Title: Fully automated construction of three-dimensional finite element simulations from Optical Coherence Tomography.
Title: Actual contribution ratio of maxillary and mandibular molars for total molar relationship correction during maxillary molar sequential distalization using clear aligners with Class II elastics: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Computational Fluid Dynamics Verification of Molten Pool Characteristics During Selective Laser Melting of Ti-6Al-4V Plates.
Title: Finite element study of sagittal fracture location on thoracolumbar fracture treatment.
Title: Mechanobiological cell adaptations to changing microenvironments determine cancer invasiveness: Experimentally validated finite element modeling.
Title: [Treatment of lateral ankle joint ligament sprain by shaking and poking manipulation based on finite element method].
Title: Computational assessment of leg response to extreme loadings using a detailed finite element model.
Title: A stabilized linear finite element method for anisotropic poroelastodynamics with application to cardiac perfusion.
Title: Changes in load distribution after unilateral condylar fracture: A finite element model study.
Title: The study of biomechanics and finite element analysis on a novel plate for tibial plateau fractures via anterolateral supra-fibular-head approach.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of different semi-rigid junctional fixation techniques using finite element analysis.
Title: Non-linear finite element modeling of damages in bridge piers subjected to lateral monotonic loading.
Title: A posterior tibial slope angle over 12 degrees is critical to epiphyseal fracture of the proximal tibia: Three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Protective potential of different mouthguard thicknesses against perianaesthetic dental trauma: a patient specific-finite element study.
Title: Comparative Stress Analysis of Custom-Made PEEK Dental Post-Cores versus Conventional Post-Cores in Incisor Restorations: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Development and validation of lumbar spine finite element model.
Title: Effect of surface matching mismatch of focal knee articular prosthetic on tibiofemoral contact stress using finite element analysis.
Title: Correction to: Interpreting finite element results for brittle materials in endodontic restorations.
Title: Automation of structural health monitoring (SHM) system of a bridge using BIMification approach and BIM-based finite element model development.
Title: Effect of Different Types of Ossification of the Posterior Longitudinal Ligament on the Dynamic Biomechanical Response of the Spinal Cord: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparison of biomechanical parameters of two Chinese cervical spine rotation manipulations based on motion capture and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the interaction between high-compliant balloon catheters and non-cylindrical vessel structures: towards tactile sensing balloon catheters.
Title: Finite element analysis of biomechanical interactions of a subcutaneous suspension suture and human face soft-tissue: a cadaver study.
Title: A Discrete-Finite Element Analysis Model Based on Almen Intensity Test for Evaluation of Real Shot Peening Residual Stress.
Title: Biomechanical Investigation of Bone Screw Head Design for Extracting Stripped Screw Heads: Integration of Mechanical Tests and Finite Element Analyses.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Microstructures in Composite Materials: A Special Issue in 
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Palateless Splinted and Unsplinted Maxillary Implant-Supported Overdentures: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Retracted: Study on Vertical Joint Performance of Single-Faced Superposed Shear Wall Based on Finite Element Analysis and Calculation.
Title: Finite element analysis and structure optimization of a gantry-type high-precision machine tool.
Title: Finite element analysis of a customized implant in PMMA coupled with the cranial bone.
Title: Case study: The influence of Achilles tendon rupture on knee joint stress during counter-movement jump - Combining musculoskeletal modeling and finite element analysis.
Title: Recommendations for finite element modelling of nickel-titanium stents-Verification and validation activities.
Title: Finite element analysis of Kirschner wire fixation for lateral condyle fracture in children in the sagittal plane.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of posterior short segment fixation constructs with or without intermediate screws in the fractured vertebrae for the treatment of type a thoracolumbar fracture.
Title: Investigation on primary stability of dental implants through considering peri-implant bone damage, caused by small and large deformations: A validated non-linear micro finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis to assess stress and deformation in bone with glass fiber-reinforced-poly-ether-ether-ketone, zirconia, and titanium implants.
Title: Analysis of modified surface topographies of titanium-based hip implants using finite element method.
Title: Effect of septal extension graft on nasal tip support: A finite element analysis.
Title: Method for Evaluating Cortical Bone Young's Modulus: Numerical Twin Reconstruction, Finite Element Calculation, and Microstructure Analysis.
Title: Prediction of the biomechanical behaviour of the lumbar spine under multi-axis whole-body vibration using a whole-body finite element model.
Title: Retracted: Analysis of Rotator Cuff Muscle Injury on the Drawing Side of the Recurve Bow: A Finite Element Method.
Title: Definition and evaluation of a finite element model of the human heel for diabetic foot ulcer prevention under shearing loads.
Title: Femoral neck system and cannulated compression screws in the treatment of non-anatomical reduction Pauwels type-III femoral neck fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Relative importance and interactions of parameters of finite-element models of human middle ear.
Title: Strain-rate-dependent material properties of human lung parenchymal tissue using inverse finite element approach.
Title: Comparison of Two Types of Patient Specific Implants (PSI) and Quad Zygoma Implant (QZI) for Rehabilitation of Post-COVID Maxillary Mucormycosis Defect (PCMMD): Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Computational prediction of muscle synergy using a finite element framework for a musculoskeletal model on lower limb.
Title: Improving dental implant stability by optimizing thread design: Simultaneous application of finite element method and data mining approach.
Title: Effect of Lumbar Fusion and Pelvic Fixation Rigidity on Hip Joint Stress: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Static mechanical analysis of the vertebral body after modified anterior cervical discectomy and fusion (partial vertebral osteotomy): a finite element model.
Title: Improving the accuracy of computational fluid dynamics simulations of coiled cerebral aneurysms using finite element modeling.
Title: Corroboration of coupled musculoskeletal model and finite element predictions with in vivo RSA migration of an uncemented acetabular component.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Cortical Bone Trajectory Screw Resistance to Pullout During Exposure to Different Cortical Layers Based on AbaqusCEA Software.
Title: Biomechanical investigation of the hybrid lumbar fixation technique with traditional and cortical bone trajectories in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion: finite element analysis.
Title: Transcranial MEP threshold voltages and current densities simulated with finite element modelling.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Two-Level Novel Cage-Type Implant for Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Prediction of bird-beak configuration in thoracic endovascular aortic repair preoperatively using patient-specific finite element simulations.
Title: Finite element analysis of low-profile reconstruction plates for atrophic mandibles: a comparison of novel 3D grid and conventional plate designs.
Title: Investigation of Auxetic Structural Deformation Behavior of PBAT Polymers Using Process and Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Upper Limb Splint Designs and Materials for 3D Printing.
Title: Microstructure-Based Multiscale Modeling of Deformation in MarBN Steel under Uniaxial Tension: Experiments and Finite Element Simulations.
Title: Study protocol: biomechanical testing, finite element analysis and prospective, randomized, clinical study of single screw cephalomedullary nailing versus integrated dual interlocking screw fixation for unstable (31A2
Title: 3D modeling of vector/edge finite element method for multi-ablation technique for large tumor-computational approach.
Title: Study of Finite Element Simulation on the Mechano-Bactericidal Mechanism of Hierarchical Nanostructure Arrays.
Title: Finite element analysis of maxillary first molar with mesial-occlusal-distal-palatal defect restored with different post-and-core strategies.
Title: A finite element analysis of stress distribution with various directions of intermaxillary fixation using orthodontic mini-implants and elastics following mandibular advancement with a bilateral sagittal split ramus osteotomy.
Title: Prediction of guidewire-induced aortic deformations during EVAR: a finite element and 
Title: Design and evaluation of shape memory alloy-actuated active needle using finite element analysis and deflection tracking control in soft tissues.
Title: The effect of ding's screw and tension band wiring for treatment of olecranon fractures: a finite element study.
Title: 3D finite-element brain modeling of lateral ventricular wall loading to rationalize periventricular white matter hyperintensity locations.
Title: Finite element analysis of biomechanical effects of mineralized collagen modified bone cement on adjacent vertebral body after vertebroplasty.
Title: Influence of implants number on the biomechanical behavior of implant-supported complete prosthesis: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of gingival height of a titanium base on the biomechanical behavior of 2-piece custom implant abutments: A 3-dimensional nonlinear finite element study.
Title: Mechanical influence of tissue scaffolding design with different geometries using finite element study.
Title: Finite element brain deformation in adolescent soccer heading.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element study of mandibular first molar distalization with clear aligner.
Title: Development of a finite element full spine model with active muscles for quantitatively analyzing sarcopenia effects on lumbar load.
Title: Three-dimensional comparison of continuous and segmented arch techniques in the traction of palatally impacted canines using a non-linear finite element analysis.
Title: Different internal fixation methods for Hoffa-like fractures of the tibial plateau: a finite element analysis.
Title: Stability and Instrumentation Stresses Among Sacropelvic Fixation Techniques With Novel Porous Fusion/Fixation Implants: A Finite Element Study.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element model construction and biomechanical analysis of customized titanium alloy lunate prosthesis].
Title: [Establishment of finite element model of varus-type ankle arthritis and biomechanical analysis of different correction models for tibial anterior surface angle].
Title: Cosimulation of the index finger extensor apparatus with finite element and musculoskeletal models.
Title: How safe are partial squats after the anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction? A finite element analysis.
Title: A comparative analysis of dimensionality reduction surrogate modeling techniques for full human body finite element impact simulations.
Title: Fatigue life estimation of dental implants using a combination of the finite element method and traditional fatigue criteria.
Title: Biomechanical study of two-level oblique lumbar interbody fusion with different types of lateral instrumentation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of screws of different materials on vertebra-pediculoplasty: a finite element study.
Title: Feasibility of determining asphalt pavement condition from falling weight deflectometer test and finite element model updating.
Title: Lever arm on bracket vs. lever arm on archwire: A 3D finite element method study of mechanics of miniscrew-supported lingual en-masse retraction of maxillary anterior teeth.
Title: Finite element analysis of energy absorption mechanism of durian peel and durian thorns under compressive load.
Title: The effect of short implants placed in the posterior region on tilted implants in the 'All-On-Four' treatment concept: a three-dimensional finite element stress analysis.
Title: A comparison of stress, contact pressure, and contact area on menisci in re-injury mechanisms after reconstruction of the anterior cruciate ligament with autograft and synthetic graft: a finite element study.
Title: Studied validation of finite element modeling for titanium alloy (Ti-6Al-4V) at face milling.
Title: Hybrid Shell-Beam Inverse Finite Element Method for the Shape Sensing of Stiffened Thin-Walled Structures: Formulation and Experimental Validation on a Composite Wing-Shaped Panel.
Title: Coarse and Fine Two-Stage Calibration Method for Enhancing the Accuracy of Inverse Finite Element Method.
Title: Magnetic Filler Polymer Composites-Morphology Characterization and Experimental and Stochastic Finite Element Analyses of Mechanical Properties.
Title: Material-Dependent Effect of Common Printing Parameters on Residual Stress and Warpage Deformation in 3D Printing: A Comprehensive Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Hybrid Finite Element-Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics Modelling for Optimizing Cutting Parameters in CFRP Composites.
Title: Finite Element Simulation and Sensitivity Analysis of the Cohesive Parameters for Delamination Modeling in Power Electronics Packages.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Dynamic Recrystallization Model and Microstructural Evolution for GCr15 Bearing Steel Warm-Hot Deformation Process.
Title: Design and Finite Element Analysis of Artificial Braided Meniscus Model.
Title: Evaluation of Biomechanical Stability of Teeth Tissue According to Crown Materials: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis on the Effect of Scanning Pattern and Energy on Residual Stress and Deformation in Wire Arc Additive Manufacturing of EH36 Steel.
Title: The Application of Finite Element Method for Analysis of Cross-Wedge Rolling Processes-A Review.
Title: Finite Element Modelling of a Synthetic Paediatric Spine for Biomechanical Investigation.
Title: A comparison of the biomechanical properties of three different lumbar internal fixation methods in the treatment of lumbosacral spinal tuberculosis: finite element analysis.
Title: Smoothed finite element methods in simulation of active contraction of myocardial tissue samples.
Title: Finite element study of the biomechanical effects on the rotator cuff under load.
Title: Prevention of sclerosis around cannulated screw after treatment of femoral neck fractures with bioceramic nails: a finite element analysis.
Title: Regulation of Bacterial Biofilm Formation by Ultrasound: Role of Autoinducer-2 and Finite-Element Analysis of Acoustic Streaming.
Title: The effect of different abutment and restorative crown materials on stress distribution in single-unit implant-supported restorations: A 3D finite element stress analysis.
Title: Numerical investigation of force and deflection of nanoneedle penetration into cell using finite element approach: Parameter study and experimental validation of results.
Title: Biomechanical effects of the medial meniscus horizontal tear and the resection strategy on the rabbit knee joint under resting state: finite element analysis.
Title: Determining optimal length of coracoid graft in the modified Bristow procedure for anterior shoulder instability: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Load distribution after unilateral condylar fracture with shortening of the ramus: a finite element model study.
Title: Posterior Fixation for Different Thoracic-Sacrum Alignments Containing a Thoracolumbar Vertebral Fracture: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Research on Output Characteristics of Microscale BST Laminate Structure Based on Mixed Finite Element Method.
Title: Performance Study of Piezoelectric Injection System Based on Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Prediction of Cable Behavior Using Finite Element Analysis Results for Flexible Cables.
Title: Two-Level Finite Element Iterative Algorithm Based on Stabilized Method for the Stationary Incompressible Magnetohydrodynamics.
Title: BIOMECHANICAL COMPARISON OF THREE POSTERIOR MALLEOLUS FRACTURE FIXATION METHODS IN RELATION TO DIFFERENT FRACTURE MORPHOLOGY: A FINITE ELEMENT ANALYSIS.
Title: 3D Finite Element Models Reconstructed From 2D Dual-Energy X-Ray Absorptiometry (DXA) Images Improve Hip Fracture Prediction Compared to Areal BMD in Osteoporotic Fractures in Men (MrOS) Sweden Cohort.
Title: A novel investigation using thermal modeling and optimization of waste pyrolysis reactor using finite element analysis and response surface methodology.
Title: A Review of Finite Element Modeling for Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of different framework materials in mandibular overdenture prosthesis supported with implants of different sizes: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of transverse connectors on total en bloc spondylectomy of the lumbar spine: a finite element analysis.
Title: Correction: Biomechanical evaluation of the hybrid pedicle screw-cortical bone trajectory technique in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion to adjacent segment degeneration-finite element analysis.
Title: Stress and strain changes of the anterior cruciate ligament at different knee flexion angles: A three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Mandibular bone remodeling around osseointegrated functionally graded biomaterial implant using three dimensional finite element model.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of different internal fixation methods for special Maisonneuve fracture of the ankle joint based on finite element analysis.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element study on the effects of maxillary anterior two-step retraction and en-masse retraction with clear aligners].
Title: Biomechanical comparison of all-on-4 and all-on-5 implant-supported prostheses with alteration of anterior-posterior spread: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Pipkin Type-II Femoral Head Fracture - A Biomechanical Evaluation by the Finite-Element Method.
Title: A numerical framework coupling finite element and meshless methods in sequential and parallel simulations.
Title: Evaluation of Effects of Various Alpha and Beta Angulations for T-loop Made of Stainless Steel and Titanium Molybdenum Archwires during Space Closure: Finite Element Method (FEM) Study.
Title: Finite element analysis of minimally invasive nail placement and traditional nail placement in the treatment of lumbar 1 vertebral compression fracture.
Title: Correction of Short Nose Using M-shaped Cartilage in Asian Patients: Finite Element Analysis and Recommendations for Surgery.
Title: Evaluation of stress and deformation in bone with titanium, CFR-PEEK and zirconia ceramic implants by finite element analysis.
Title: Stress analysis in implant, abutment, and peripheral bone with different restorative crown and abutment materials: A three-dimensional finite element analysis study.
Title: How Does the First Molar Root Location Affect the Critical Stress Pattern in the Periodontium? A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Viscoelastic properties of porcine lenses using optical coherence elastography and inverse finite element analysis.
Title: Overstrain on the longitudinal band of the cruciform ligament during flexion in the setting of sandwich deformity at the craniovertebral junction: a finite element analysis.
Title: Mandibular Flexure and Crestal Bone Stress Distribution on an Implant-Supported Fixed Full Arch Mandibular Prosthesis: Finite Element Analysis in Three Dimensions.
Title: Tensile Performance Mechanism for Bamboo Fiber-Reinforced, Palm Oil-Based Resin Bio-Composites Using Finite Element Simulation and Machine Learning.
Title: Evaluating Residual Stress in Carbon Fiber-Reinforced Polymer (CFRP) at Microscale Using Fiber Push-Out Experiment and Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Fracture Toughness and Fatigue Crack Growth Analyses on a Biomedical Ti-27Nb Alloy under Constant Amplitude Loading Using Extended Finite Element Modelling.
Title: Multiaxial Fatigue Analysis of Jacket-Type Offshore Wind Turbine Based on Multi-Scale Finite Element Model.
Title: Effects of Multiple Reflow on the Formation of Primary Crystals in Sn-3.5Ag and Solder Joint Strength: Experimental and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Study on Sound-Insulation Performance of an Acoustic Metamaterial of Air-Permeable Multiple-Parallel-Connection Folding Chambers by Acoustic Finite Element Simulation.
Title: The Displacements Study of Birch Veneer Layers from Composition of Plywood during Water Jet Cutting Using the Finite Element Method (FEA).
Title: Finite element analysis of lattice designed lumbar interbody cage based on the additive manufacturing.
Title: [Finite element analysis of different reconstruction methods of coracoclavicular ligament for acromioclavicular joint dislocation].
Title: Biomechanical properties of different anterior and posterior techniques for atlantoaxial fixation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution of the Zygomatic Implants in Post-mucormycosis Case: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Stress Trajectory Variations During Occlusal Loading in Human Skull with a Maxillofacial Defect: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element evaluation of an American football helmet featuring liquid shock absorbers for protecting against concussive and subconcussive head impacts.
Title: Comparison of four different screw configurations for the fixation of Fulkerson osteotomy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Clinical observation and finite element analysis of femoral stable interlocking intramedullary nail in intertrochanteric fractures.
Title: Impact of different CAD/CAM materials on internal and marginal adaptations and fracture resistance of endocrown restorations with: 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effect of proximal multifidus injury on adjacent segments during posterior lumbar interbody fusion: a finite element study.
Title: Stresses in Teeth with External Cervical Resorption Defects Restored with Different Biomimetic Cements: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Factorial analysis of variables affecting bone stress adjacent to mini-implants used for molar distalization by direct anchorage-A finite element study.
Title: Effect of orthodontic retraction force on thick and thin gingival biotypes in different grades of gingival recession and alveolar bone quality: A finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of inter-maxillary fixation techniques for multi-piece Le Fort I osteotomies using finite element analysis.
Title: Parameter optimization in a finite element mandibular fracture fixation model using the design of experiments approach.
Title: Excellent Dielectric Properties and Finite Element Simulation of Al-Epoxy Composites with Constructed Ultrathin Al
Title: Finite-element simulation of in-plane tear propagation in the dissected aorta: Implications for the propagation mechanism.
Title: Pre-sliding of femoral neck system improves fixation stability in pauwels type III femoral neck fracture: a finite element analysis.
Title: Research on electromagnetic characteristics of traction motor rotary shafts with variable parameter defects based on finite element method.
Title: Does a novel bridging collar in endoprosthetic replacement optimise the mechanical environment for osseointegration? A finite element study.
Title: Hollow screw fixation of type II avulsion fractures of the calcaneal tuberosity using the finite element analysis.
Title: Sex Differences in Axonal Dynamic Responses Under Realistic Tension Using Finite Element Models.
Title: Studying trabecular bone samples demonstrates a power law relation between deteriorated structure and mechanical properties - a study combining 3D printing with the finite element method.
Title: The impact of geometry, intramural friction, and pressure on the antegrade longitudinal motion of the arterial wall: A phantom and finite element study.
Title: [Biomechanical effects of three internal fixation modes on femoral subtrochanteric spiral fractures in osteoporotic patients by finite element analysis].
Title: Effects of novel microimplant-assisted rapid palatal expanders manufactured by 3-dimensional printing technology: A finite element study.
Title: A finite element study on the interactive effect between the damage of the cup-bone interface and the bone strain of hip implants under various fixation conditions.
Title: The non-affine fiber network solver: A multiscale fiber network material model for finite-element analysis.
Title: PLA-based nature-inspired architecture for bone scaffolds: A finite element analysis.
Title: Improvements of tooth movement efficiency and torque control in expanding the arch with clear aligners: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of optimized novel additively manufactured non-articulating prostheses for cervical total disc replacement.
Title: Comparison of the biomechanical properties of internal fixation materials for zygomaticomaxillary complex fractures, A finite element analysis.
Title: Titanium alloy cannulated screws and biodegrade ceramic nails for treatment of femoral neck fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Optimal hinge level in opening wedge high tibial osteotomy: Biomechanical analysis using finite element method.
Title: The Effect of Ferrule/Crown Ratio and Post Length on the Applied Stress and Strain Distribution to the Endodontically Treated Maxillary Central Teeth: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Visible trephine-based foraminoplasty in PTED leads to asymmetrical stress changes and instability in the surgical and adjacent segments: a finite element analysis.
Title: Oblique, Unilateral, or Bilateral Rods Configurations for Single-Level Interbody Fusion and Posterior Spinal Fixation: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Quantitative Biomechanical Evaluation for Optimal Spinal Instrumentation to Prevent Mechanical Complications in Spinal Fusion from the Lower Thoracic Spine to the Pelvis for Adult Spinal Deformity: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Design and modeling using finite element analysis for the sitting posture of computer users based on ergonomic perspective.
Title: Determinants of spinal cord stress and strain in degenerative cervical myelopathy: a patient-specific finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Acetabulum Prosthesis' Lining Damage Zone with Different Implanting Angle.
Title: Effect of different loads on the shoulder in abduction postures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Femoral and acetabular features explain acetabular contact pressure sensitivity to hip internal rotation in persons with cam morphology: A finite element analysis.
Title: Patterns of stress distribution of endodontically treated molar under different types of loading using finite element models-the exploring of mechanism of vertical root fracture.
Title: Failure Mechanism Research on Bending Fretting Fatigue of 6061-T6 Aluminum Alloy by Experiment and Finite Element Method.
Title: Two-dimensional biomechanical finite element modeling of the pelvic floor and prolapse.
Title: Comparative study of biomechanical effects between two types of 2 × 4 techniques employing a rocking-chair archwire: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of cement flow in abutment margin-crown platform switching].
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of a Standard Temporomandibular Joint Prosthesis and Screw Arrangement Optimization: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Honeybee stinger-based biopsy needle and influence of the barbs on needle forces during insertion/extraction into the iliac crest: A multilayer finite element approach.
Title: An integrated finite element method and machine learning algorithm for brain morphology prediction.
Title: Measuring thermal conductivity of nanostructures with the 3
Title: Biomechanical effects of inclined implant shoulder design in all-on-four treatment concept: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Trajectory of bolt and length of plate in femoral neck system determine the stability of femur neck fracture and risk of subsequent subtrochanteric fracture : a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of Implant Location on Fiber-Reinforced Maxillary Overdentures with Finite Element Method.
Title: A mechanical and three-dimensional finite element study of the optimum tooth sectioning depth during the extraction of low-level horizontally impacted mandibular third molar.
Title: Finite element analysis of endodontically treated premolars without ferrule restored with one-piece glass fiber post and core in combination with different inner shoulder retention form systems.
Title: Effect of bone cement augmentation with different configurations of the dual locking plate for femoral allograft fixation: finite element analysis and biomechanical study.
Title: Stress shielding effect after total hip arthroplasty varies between combinations of stem design and stiffness-a comparing biomechanical finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of an intact lumbar spine model: Effects of loading under different coordinate systems.
Title: Effect of occlusal hypofunction on centre of resistance in maxillary central incisor using the finite element method.
Title: Strong attractive interaction between finite element models of twisted cellulose nanofibers by intermeshing of twists.
Title: Can we reposition finite element human body model like dummies?
Title: Application strategy of finite element analysis in artificial knee arthroplasty.
Title: Atlas-based finite element analyses with simpler constitutive models predict personalized progression of knee osteoarthritis: data from the osteoarthritis initiative.
Title: The Biomechanical Behaviour and life span of a Three-Rooted Maxillary First Premolar with Different Access Cavity Designs: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element method-based simulation on bone fracture fixation configuration factors for biodegradable embossed locking compression plate.
Title: Comparative evaluation of displacement and stress distribution pattern during mandibular arch distalization with extra and inter-radicular mini-implants: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Application of polyetheretherketone (PEEK) posts: evaluation of fracture resistance and stress distribution in the root: in vitro and finite element analyses.
Title: Finite element analysis of the mechanical strength of a new hip Spacer.
Title: Evaluation of wave configurations in corrugated boards by experimental analysis (EA) and finite element modeling (FEM): the role of the micro-wave in packaging design.
Title: Evaluation of Strain and Insertion Torque of Mini-implants at 90° and 45° Angulations on a Bone Model using Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of different implant designs on replacement of four teeth of the posterior free-end edentulism: Three-dimensional finite element analysis and clinic case validation.
Title: The role of shear viscosity as a biomarker for improving chronic kidney disease detection using shear wave elastography: A computational study using a validated finite element model.
Title: Clinically useful finite element models of the natural ankle - A review.
Title: Finite Element Approach for the Simulation of Modern MRAM Devices.
Title: Optimization of Bead Geometry during Tungsten Inert Gas Welding Using Grey Relational and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Full-Scale Fatigue Test and Finite Element Analysis on External Inclined Strut Welded Joints of a Wide-Flanged Composite Box Girder Bridge.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Bonding Property and Flexural Strength of WUHPC-NC Gradient Concrete.
Title: Uniform Error Estimates of the Finite Element Method for the Navier-Stokes Equations in R2 with 
Title: Analysis of Temperatures Generated during Conventional Laser Irradiation of Root Canals-A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Residual Hearing after Cochlear Implant Surgery in Chinchillas.
Title: The Effect of Posterior Lumbar Interbody Fusion in Lumbar Spine Stenosis with Diffuse Idiopathic Skeletal Hyperostosis: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Strain energy density as a Gaussian process and its utilization in stochastic finite element analysis: application to planar soft tissues.
Title: Biomechanical influence of plate configurations on mandible subcondylar fracture fixation: a finite element study.
Title: A novel patella fracture fixation technique: finite element analysis.
Title: The relationship between shear wave velocity in transverse carpal ligament and carpal tunnel pressure: A finite element analysis.
Title: PyTorch-FEA: Autograd-enabled finite element analysis methods with applications for biomechanical analysis of human aorta.
Title: Does Lumbar Interbody Fusion Modality Affect the Occurrence of Complications in an Osteoporotic Spine Under Whole-Body Vibration? A Finite Element Study.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of the hybrid pedicle screw-cortical bone trajectory technique in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion to adjacent segment degeneration-finite element analysis.
Title: Letter to the Editor concerning "Biomechanical analysis of odontoid and transverse atlantal ligament in humans with ponticulus posticus variation under different loading conditions: Finite element study".
Title: Finite Element Implementation of Computational Fluid Dynamics With Reactive Neutral and Charged Solute Transport in FEBio.
Title: Biomechanical effect of endplate defects on the intermediate vertebral bone in consecutive two-level anterior cervical discectomy and fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Maximum Safety Limits of Laminectomy of the C1 Vertebra for Chiari Malformation Surgery: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Bone density and proximal support effects on dental implant stability - Finite element analysis and in vitro experiments.
Title: A finite element analysis of the carpal arch with various locations of carpal tunnel release.
Title: An adaptive semi-implicit finite element solver for brain cancer progression modeling.
Title: Subsidence Performance of the Bioactive Glass-Ceramic (CaO-SiO
Title: Physiological and degenerative loading of bovine intervertebral disc in a bioreactor: A finite element study of complex motions.
Title: Prediction of moisture-induced cracks in wooden cross sections using finite element simulations.
Title: The Biomechanical Influence of Defected Cartilage on the Progression of Osteochondral Lesions of the Talus: A Three-dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanics of calcaneus impacted by talus: a dynamic finite element analysis.
Title: Unified discontinuous Galerkin finite-element framework for transient conjugated radiation-conduction heat transfer.
Title: Optimization of in-brace corrective force in adolescents with Lenke type 5 curve using finite element model.
Title: STRESS DISTRIBUTION OF MONOLITHIC AND VENEERED THREE-UNIT ZIRCONIA FDPS: A FINITE ELEMENT ANALYSIS.
Title: Efficient 3-D Finite Element Modeling of Periodic XBAR Resonators.
Title: A Variational Quantum Linear Solver Application to Discrete Finite-Element Methods.
Title: Three-dimensional Finite Element Stress Pattern Analysis in Bone around Implant-supported Abutment with Different Angulations under Axial and Oblique Load.
Title: Mandibular Reconstruction after Resection of Ameloblastoma by Custom-Made CAD/CAM Mandibular Titanium Prosthesis: Two Case Reports, Finite Element Analysis and Discussion of the Technique.
Title: Effect of non-rigid connector on the stress distribution of tooth-implant supported fixed prostheses using different implant length and diameter: A comparative 3D finite element study.
Title: The effect of maxillary molar distalization with clear aligner: a 4D finite-element study with staging simulation.
Title: Finite element simulations of a single type I collagen fibril, using a novel cross-linking system.
Title: Dynamic finite element analysis of hip replacement edge loading: Balancing precision and run time in a challenging model.
Title: A verified analytical sandwich beam model for soft and hard cores: comparison to existing analytical models and finite element calculations.
Title: Stress distribution in bone around an implant-supported three-unit fixed dental prosthesis using two different computer-aided designing/computer-aided milling provisional crown materials: Milled polymethylmethacrylate and milled polyetheretherketone - A finite element analysis.
Title: The effect of thickness and elastic modulus of the anterior talofibular ligament on anterior ankle joint stiffness: A subject-specific finite element study.
Title: Corrigendum to 'Biomechanics of first ray hypermobility: An investigation on joint force during walking using finite element analysis'. [Med. Eng. Phys. 36(2014) 1388-1393].
Title: Simulation of Wood Polymer Composites with Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Stochastic Vibrations of a System of Plates Immersed in Fluid Using a Coupled Boundary Element, Finite Element, and Finite Difference Methods Approach.
Title: Nonlinear Finite Element Model for Bending Analysis of Functionally-Graded Porous Circular/Annular Micro-Plates under Thermomechanical Loads Using Quasi-3D Reddy Third-Order Plate Theory.
Title: Subroutine Embedding and Finite Element Simulation of the Improved Constitutive Equation for Ti6Al4V during High-Speed Machining.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of the Porous Structure of Gyroid and Voronoi Hip Implants: A Finite Element Analysis Using an Experimentally Validated Model.
Title: A Finite Element Model for Predicting the Static Strength of a Composite Hybrid Joint with Reinforcement Pins.
Title: Using the Finite Element Method to Determine the Odonto-Periodontal Stress for a Patient with Angle Class II Division 1 Malocclusion.
Title: Influence of a new abutment design concept on the biomechanics of peri-implant bone, implant components, and microgap formation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of stress distribution patterns produced with the Advansync2 class II corrector - A finite element analysis.
Title: Knee valgus deformity and lateral bone defects affect the function of superficial medial collateral ligament: A finite element analysis.
Title: Three dimensional finite element analysis of biomechanics of osteotomy ends with three different fixation methods after hallux valgus minimally invasive osteotomy.
Title: Finite-Element Modelling Based on Optical Coherence Tomography and Corresponding X-ray MicroCT Data for Three Human Middle Ears.
Title: Using a one-dimensional finite-element approximation of Webster's horn equation to estimate individual ear canal acoustic transfer from input impedances.
Title: Second-generation bone cement-injectable cannulated pedicle screws for osteoporosis: biomechanical and finite element analyses.
Title: The porous cantilever beam as a model for spinal implants: Experimental, analytical and finite element analysis of dynamic properties.
Title: Finite element analysis of tooth movement under different retraction force and intrusive force in double-archwire lingual orthodontics system.
Title: Two-screw osteosynthesis of the mandibular condylar head with different screw materials: a finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison between all-on-four and all-on-six treatment concepts on stress distribution for full-mouth rehabilitation using three-dimensional finite element analysis: A biomechanical study.
Title: Finite element analysis of short and long posterior spinal instrumentation and fixation for different pathological thoracolumbar vertebral fractures.
Title: Primary Stability of Collared and Collarless Cementless Femoral Stems - A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Close orthopedic surgery skin incision with combination of barbed sutures and running subcuticular suturing technique for less dermal tension concentration: a finite element analysis.
Title: Radial HR-pQCT and Finite Element Analysis in HPP Patients are Superior in Identifying Susceptibility to Fracture-Associated Skeletal Affections Compared to DXA and Laboratory Tests.
Title: Inaccuracies of deterministic finite-element models of human middle ear revealed by stochastic modelling.
Title: Effect of crown stiffness and prosthetic screw absence on the stress distribution in implant-supported restoration: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of a healthy knee joint at deep squatting for the study of tibiofemoral and patellofemoral contact.
Title: Comparative study of stress characteristics around the adjacent teeth tissues during insertion of mini-screws with different insertion angles: A three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Lumbar Interbody Fusion Cages With Various Elastic Moduli in Osteoporotic and Non-osteoporotic Lumbar Spine: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Endocrown Feasibility for Primary Molars: A Finite Element Study.
Title: The effect of abutment material stiffness on the mechanical behavior of dental implant assemblies: A 3D finite element study.
Title: Validation and verification of three-dimensional finite element target scattering models and Green's functions.
Title: A New Proposal for Calibrated Gauges for Removable Partial Dentures: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of Different Cements and Cement Thickness on the Stress Distribution under Occlusal Surfaces of Porcelain-fused-to-metal and Porcelain-fused-to-zirconium Crowns: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Comparison of Stress Distribution in Fixed Partial Prosthesis Restored with Different Combination of Support: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Influence of Occlusal Stress on Implant Abutment Junction and Implant Bone Interface: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: How does the Number of Implants Affect Stress Distribution in Fibula Graft at the Posterior of the Mandible? A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of design parameters and capsulorhexis on intraocular lens stabilities: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Mechanical Strength of Phalangeal Osteosynthesis Using Kirschner Wires.
Title: Prediction of the mechanical response of a 3D (bio)printed hybrid scaffold for improving bone tissue regeneration by structural finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of Implant Surgery Methods of Cortical Tapping and Cortical Widening in Bone of Various Density: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Study.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Conventional Plate and the C-Nail
Title: Biomechanical Investigation of Hallux Valgus Deformity Treated with Different Osteotomy Methods and Kirschner Wire Fixation Strategies Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of a Novel Pedicle Screw W-Type Rod Fixation for Lumbar Spondylolysis: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Typical localised element-specific finite element anterior eye model.
Title: Corrigendum to "The impact of horizontal eye movements versus intraocular pressure on optic nerve head biomechanics: A tridimensional finite element analysis study" <Heliyon 9(2) February 2023 e13634]>.
Title: An Optimized Dental Implant Model Using Finite Element Analysis and Design of Experiment.
Title: Biomechanical Performance of Mandibular Molars with Deep Mesio-Occlusal-Distal Cavities Rehabilitated with Horizontal Posts: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Evaluation and Comparison of Stress in Divergent and Convergent Collar Designs of Implants With Different Bone Densities: A Finite Element Study.
Title: A two-dimensional finite element model of intercellular cAMP signaling through gap junction channels.
Title: A finite element model of contusion spinal cord injury in rodents.
Title: Finite element analysis of conductive hearing loss caused by fixation and detachment of ligament and tendon in the middle ear.
Title: Stability of different fixation methods after reduction malarplasty under average and maximum masticatory forces: a finite element analysis.
Title: Meta-GGA Density Functional Calculations on Atoms with Spherically Symmetric Densities in the Finite Element Formalism.
Title: Comparison of Stress Distribution Among Standard Dental Implants Placed in Grafted Bone, Zygomatic Implants, and Subperiosteal Implants in the Atrophic Edentulous Maxilla: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis in implant dentistry: State of the art and future directions.
Title: Effect of attachment type on distal bodily movement of the maxillary canine in aligner orthodontics: a finite element study.
Title: Mechanical Biomarkers in Bone Using Image-Based Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Specimen-specific finite element representations of implanted hip capsules.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of Maxillary Protraction Using Diverse Modes of Rapid Palatal Expansion.
Title: A review of bioengineering techniques applied to breast tissue: Mechanical properties, tissue engineering and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the influence of interdigitation pattern and collagen fibers on the mechanical behavior of the midpalatal suture.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Double-Level Oblique Lumbar Fusion with Different Types of Fixation: A Finite Element-Based Study.
Title: Correction: Efficacy of a four-curvature auxiliary arch at preventing maxillary central incisor linguoclination during orthodontic treatment: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biodegradable Microneedles Array with Dual-Release Behavior and Parameter Optimization by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A new finite element with variable Young's modulus.
Title: Expansion rebound deformation of clear aligners and its biomechanical influence: a three-dimensional morphologic analysis and finite element analysis study.
Title: Synergistic Integration of Deep Neural Networks and Finite Element Method with Applications for Biomechanical Analysis of Human Aorta.
Title: Mechanical alignment tolerance of a cruciate-retaining knee prosthesis under gait loading-A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical factors in the open gingival embrasure region during the intrusion of mandibular incisors: A new model through finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of stress distribution on short implants with different bone conditions and osseointegration rates.
Title: Biomechanical effects of internal fixation with self-lock compression anti-rotation blade for Pauwels type III femoral neck fractures: a comparative finite element analysis.
Title: Reliability of an Innovative Slab Shear versus Microtensile Bond Strength Test: Mechanical and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Improvement and validation of a female finite element model of the cervical spine.
Title: Hybrid pedicle screw and modified cortical bone trajectory technique in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion at L4-L5 segment: finite element analysis.
Title: Study of a constrained finite element elbow prosthesis: the influence of the implant placement.
Title: Finite element model of female thermoregulation with geometry based on medical images.
Title: Finite element analysis of two skeletally anchored maxillary molar distalisation methods.
Title: Stress Distribution in Peri-implant Bone in the Replacement of Molars with One or Two Implants: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Dynamic Finite Element Model Based on Timoshenko Beam Theory for Simulating High-Speed Nonlinear Helical Springs.
Title: Deformation Behavior Investigation of Auxetic Structure Made of Poly(butylene adipate-co-terephthalate) Biopolymers Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Teeth Restored with Bulk-Fill Composites and Conventional Resin Composites; Investigation of Stress Distribution and Fracture Lifespan on Enamel, Dentin, and Restorative Materials via Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Bonding Performance of Surface-Treated Zirconia Cantilevered Resin-Bonded Fixed Dental Prostheses: In Vitro Evaluation and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The Influence of Mesh Density on the Results Obtained by Finite Element Analysis of Complex Bodies.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Different Osseocartilaginous Reconstruction Techniques in Animal Model Knees.
Title: Author Correction: Influence of nanoparticles aggregation and Lorentz force on the dynamics of water-titanium dioxide nanoparticles on a rotating surface using finite element simulation.
Title: Stability evaluation of the four fixation methods in patients with Tile C1 pelvic fractures: Finite element analysis.
Title: Applications of Finite Element Modeling in Biomechanical Analysis of Foot Arch Deformation: A Scoping Review.
Title: Erratum for Lumbar Fusion including Sacroiliac Joint Fixation Increases the Stress and Angular Motion at the Hip Joint: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Biomechanical study of different fixation constructs for anterior column and posterior hemi-transverse acetabular fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: 3D Finite Element Model of Human Ear with 3-Chamber Spiral Cochlea for Blast Wave Transmission from the Ear Canal to Cochlea.
Title: Establishment of a Finite Element Model of Normal Nasal Bone and Analysis of Its Biomechanical Characteristics.
Title: PyTorch-FEA: Autograd-enabled Finite Element Analysis Methods with Applications for Biomechanical Analysis of Human Aorta.
Title: Recent advancement in finite element analysis of spinal interbody cages: A review.
Title: Application of vertebral body compression osteotomy in pedicle subtraction osteotomy on ankylosing spondylitis kyphosis: Finite element analysis and retrospective study.
Title: Accumulated biomechanical effects of mandibular molar mesialization using clear aligners with auxiliary devices: an iterative finite element analysis.
Title: Numerical study of a double-stair-shaped dielectrophoresis channel for continuous on-chip cell separation and lysis using finite element method.
Title: Clinical finite element analysis of mandibular displacement model treated with Twin-block appliance.
Title: Is All-on-four effective in case of partial mandibular resection? A 3D finite element study.
Title: The effects of aligner anchorage preparation on mandibular first molars during premolar-extraction space closure with clear aligners: A finite element study.
Title: Nonlinear Finite Element Calculations of Layered SAW Resonators.
Title: Stress analysis and risk of failure during clenching in ceramic assembly models: 3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Model-Computed Mechanical Behavior of Femurs with Metastatic Disease Varies Between Physiologic and Idealized Loading Simulations.
Title: Finite element analysis of braided dense-mesh stents for carotid artery stenosis.
Title: Biomechanical Responses of Different Cap Thicknesses of Corneas After Small Incision Lenticule Extraction: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Computational evaluation of the axis-blade angle for measurements of implant positions in trochanteric hip fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Microcatheter tracking in thrombectomy procedures: A finite-element simulation study.
Title: Effect of access cavities on the biomechanics of mandibular molars: a finite element analysis.
Title: A Nodal Immersed Finite Element-Finite Difference Method.
Title: Anterior provisional fixed partial dentures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of a novel anatomical locking plate for scapular neck fracture.
Title: Mechanical behavior and collagen structure of degenerative mitral valve leaflets and a finite element model of primary mitral regurgitation.
Title: Positive medial cortical support versus anatomical reduction for trochanteric hip fractures: Finite element analysis and biomechanical testing.
Title: Investigating the Effect of Brain Size on Deformation Magnitude Using Subject-Specific Finite Element Models.
Title: Percutaneous balloon calcaneoplasty versus open reduction and internal fixation (ORIF) for intraarticular SANDERS 2B calcaneal fracture: Comparison of primary stability using a finite element method.
Title: Correction: A musculoskeletal finite element model of rat knee joint for evaluating cartilage biomechanics during gait.
Title: Effects of Voids on Thermal Fatigue Reliability of Solder Joints on Inner Rings in Ball Grid Array Packaging by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Behavior Evaluation of Resin Cement with Different Elastic Modulus on Porcelain Laminate Veneer Restorations Using Micro-CT-Based Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Size-Dependent Finite Element Method for the 3D Free Vibration Analysis of Functionally Graded Graphene Platelets-Reinforced Composite Cylindrical Microshells Based on the Consistent Couple Stress Theory.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Channel Screw and Conventional Plate Technique in Tile B2 Pelvic Fracture.
Title: Application of Fault Diagnosis Method Combining Finite Element Method and Transfer Learning for Insufficient Turbine Rotor Fault Samples.
Title: A finite element analysis of different postures and intra-abdominal pressures for the uterine ligaments in maintaining the normal position of uterus.
Title: Effect of muscle activation on dynamic responses of neck of pilot during emergency ejection: a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of a healed acetabulum with internal fixators: finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of medial closing and lateral opening wedge osteotomies of the distal femur in relation to hinge fractures.
Title: Author Correction: Utilization of Galerkin finite element strategy to investigate comparison performance among two hybrid nanofluid models.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of Instrumented decompression and Interbody fusion procedures in Lumbar spine: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Hip Fracture Risk Assessment in Elderly and Diabetic Patients: Combining Autonomous Finite Element Analysis and Machine Learning.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of three-material endocrown in the restoration of dental defects of mandibular second molars].
Title: Biomechanical performance of the novel assembled uncovertebral joint fusion cage in single-level anterior cervical discectomy and fusion: A finite element analysis.
Title: A state-of-the-art review on experimental investigation and finite element analysis on structural behaviour of fibre reinforced polymer reinforced concrete beams.
Title: Effects of Ballista and Kilroy Springs on Palatally Impacted Canines: A Finite Element Model Analysis.
Title: Optimum Shaping Parameters of the Middle Mesial Canal in Mandibular First Molars: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Effects of Apical Barriers and Root Filling Materials on Stress Distribution in Immature Teeth: Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Choose the appropriate implantation position of the Femoral Neck System in the femoral neck: a finite-element analysis.
Title: Different biomechanical effects of clear aligners in closing maxillary and mandibular extraction spaces: Finite element analysis.
Title: A modified separate vertical fixation by wires and titanium cables for comminuted inferior patella fracture: A technique note and finite element analysis.
Title: Effectiveness of the Attachment Design and Thickness of Clear Aligners during Orthodontic Anterior Retraction: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of anterior axis-atlanto-occipital transarticular fixation and anterior atlantoaxial transarticular fixation after odontoidectomy: A finite element analysis.
Title: Structural finite element model updating considering soil-structure interaction using ls-dyna in loop.
Title: Evaluation of stresses and displacement in the craniofacial region as a reaction to bone-anchored maxillary protraction in conjugation with posterior bite plane and rapid maxillary expansion in patients with Class III malocclusion: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Influence of nanoparticles aggregation and Lorentz force on the dynamics of water-titanium dioxide nanoparticles on a rotating surface using finite element simulation.
Title: [Finite element analysis of PMMA bone cement reinforced screw plate fixation for osteoporotic proximal humeral fracture].
Title: Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion with Double Banana Cages: Clinical Evaluations and Finite Element Model Analysis.
Title: Evaluation of the pattern of fracture formation from trauma to the human mandible with finite element analysis. Part 2: The corpus and the angle regions.
Title: Preventing stress singularities in peri-implant bone - a finite element analysis using a graded bone model.
Title: [Finite element study of three novel internal fixation modes for bicondylar four-quadrant fractures of tibial plateau].
Title: Maxillary molar distalization treated with clear aligners combined with mini-implants and angel button using different traction force: a finite element study.
Title: Erratum: A novel approach for tetrahedral-element-based finite element simulations of anisotropic hyperelastic intervertebral disc behavior.
Title: Medial-lateral translational malalignment of the prosthesis on tibial stress distribution in total knee arthroplasty: A finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of image reconstruction kernel on computed tomography-based finite element analysis in the clinical opportunistic screening of osteoporosis-A preliminary result.
Title: Effects of Sacral Slope Changes on the Intervertebral Disc and Hip Joint: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of corrective stresses on rods in adult spinal deformity surgery-finite element analysis.
Title: A study of balloon type on calcified coronary lesion predilation: A finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of Different Endodontic Access Cavity Designs in Combination with WaveOne Gold and TruNatomy on the Fracture Resistance of Mandibular First Molars: A Nonlinear Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The optimal size of screw for using cement-screw technique to repair tibial defect in total knee arthroplasty: A finite element analysis.
Title: Irreversibility analysis of electromagnetic hybrid nanofluid for Cattaneo-Christov heat flux model using finite element approach.
Title: Finite element simulation of growth modulation during brace treatment of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Title: Finite element analysis of biplanar customized reconstruction plates for lateral and central segmental defects of mandible.
Title: Effects of bone type and occlusal loading pattern on bone remodeling in implant-supported single crown: A finite element study.
Title: Design of customized coated dental implants using finite element analysis.
Title: PowerScope 2 functional appliance: A 3D finite element simulation of its action on the mandible.
Title: Comparative analysis of biomechanical response between zygomatic implant and Facco technique through the three-dimensional finite element method.
Title: Model-based simulations of pulsed laser ablation using an embedded finite element method.
Title: Stress distribution of endodontically treated mandibular molars with varying amounts of tooth structure restored with direct composite resin with or without cuspal coverage: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modelling of the human middle ear using synchrotron-radiation phase-contrast imaging.
Title: Examining agreement between finite element modelling methodologies in predicting pathological fracture risk in proximal femurs with bone metastases.
Title: Efficacy of a four-curvature auxiliary arch at preventing maxillary central incisor linguoclination during orthodontic treatment: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of the volume of resected discoid lateral meniscus on the contact stress of the tibiofemoral joint: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Modelling of a Gram-Negative Bacterial Cell and Nanospike Array for Cell Rupture Mechanism Study.
Title: Interfacial Shear Strength of Single-Walled Carbon Nanotubes-Cement Composites from Molecular Dynamics and Finite Element Studies.
Title: Different Conical Angle Connection of Implant and Abutment Behavior: A Static and Dynamic Load Test and Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Delamination and Skin-Spar Debond Detection in Composite Structures Using the Inverse Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Mechanical Performance of Non-Restorable Crownless Primary Molars Restored with Intracoronal Core-Supported Crowns: A Proposed Treatment Alternative to Extraction for Severe Early Childhood Caries.
Title: Finite element modeling of meniscal tears using continuum damage mechanics and digital image correlation.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of two modified intramedullary fixation system for treating unstable femoral neck fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: The influence of body weight index on initial stability of uncemented femoral knee protheses: A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical investigation of long spinal fusion models using three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Corrigendum to 'Assessment of the Viscoelastic Mechanical Properties of the Porcine Optic Nerve Head using Micromechanical Testing and Finite Element Modeling' [Acta Biomaterialia 134 (2021) 379-387].
Title: Finite element analysis of joints involved in rheumatoid arthritis.
Title: Can semirigid fixation of the rostral instrumented segments prevent proximal junctional kyphosis in the case of long thoracolumbar fusions? A finite element study.
Title: The effect of single and multiple split-toe designs on cross-slope adaptability of prosthetic feet: a finite element simulation study.
Title: Material sensitivity of patient-specific finite element models in the brace treatment of scoliosis.
Title: Comparison of the effects of different rapid maxillary expansion techniques on craniofacial structures: a finite element analysis study.
Title: The association between unilateral high-riding vertebral artery and atlantoaxial joint morphology: a multi-slice spiral computed tomography study of 396 patients and a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of closing material on hearing rehabilitation in stapedectomy and stapedotomy: A finite element analysis.
Title: The impact of horizontal eye movements versus intraocular pressure on optic nerve head biomechanics: A tridimensional finite element analysis study.
Title: Comparative Analysis of Stress Distribution through Finite-Element Models of 3 NiTi Endodontic Instruments while Operating in Different Canal Types.
Title: Anatomical parameters alter the biomechanical responses of adjacent segments following lumbar fusion surgery: Personalized poroelastic finite element modelling investigations.
Title: Comparison of femoral neck system and three cannulated cancellous screws in the treatment of vertical femoral neck fractures: clinical observation and finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of trimming line design and edge extension of orthodontic aligners on force transmission: A 3D finite element study.
Title: Stress Distribution of Different Pedicle Screw Insertion Techniques Following Single-Segment TLIF: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Stress distribution and displacement in the maxillofacial complex during intrusion and distalization of the maxillary arch using miniplates versus mini-implants: a 3-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Reversed windshield-wiper effect leads to failure of cement-augmented pedicle screw: Biomechanical mechanism analysis by finite element experiment.
Title: The Effect of Soil-Structure Interaction on the Seismic Response of Structures Using Machine Learning, Finite Element Modeling and ASCE 7-16 Methods.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of custom-made short implants with wing retention applied in severe atrophic maxillary posterior region restoration: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of the novel S-type dynamic cage by implementation of teaching learning based optimization algorithm - An experimental and finite element study.
Title: Comparison of the biomechanical effects of lumbar disc degeneration on normal patients and osteoporotic patients: A finite element analysis.
Title: Applying a homogeneous pressure distribution to the upper vertebral endplate: Validation of a new loading system, pilot application to human vertebral bodies, and finite element predictions of DIC measured displacements and strains.
Title: Melt Pool Shape Evaluation by Single-Track Experiments and Finite-Element Thermal Analysis: Balling and Lack of Fusion Criteria for Generating Process Window of Inconel738LC.
Title: Finite Element Modeling and Vibration Control of Plates with Active Constrained Layer Damping Treatment.
Title: Optimization of Structural Damage Repair with Single and Double-Sided Composite Patches through the Finite Element Analysis and Taguchi Method.
Title: Design and Performance Evaluation of a Novel Spiral Head-Stem Trunnion for Hip Implants Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Application of the 
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Residual Stress Distribution Patterns of Prestressed Composites Considering Interphases.
Title: Development of a Hip Joint Socket by Finite-Element-Based Analysis for Mechanical Assessment.
Title: Finite Element Models of Gold Nanoparticles and Their Suspensions for Photothermal Effect Calculation.
Title: Development, validation and a case study: The female finite element head model (FeFEHM).
Title: Effect of Interbody Implants on the Biomechanical Behavior of Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Structural Integrity of Anterior Ceramic Resin-Bonded Fixed Partial Denture: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Three-dimensional wound flattening method for mapping skin mechanical properties based on finite element method.
Title: Finite element analysis of titanium anatomic plate and titanium reconstructive plate for treatment of extra-articular fractures of the scapula.
Title: The role of torsional stress in the development of subchondral insufficiency fracture of the femoral head: A finite element model analysis.
Title: Disease-Specific Finite element Analysis of the Foot and Ankle.
Title: Relative instability ratios of bone wall defects in trochanteric hip fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: The influence of partial union on the mechanical strength of scaphoid fractures: a finite element study.
Title: Estimation of aortic valve interstitial cell-induced 3D remodeling of poly(ethylene glycol) hydrogel environments using an inverse finite element approach.
Title: Simulating Knee-Stress Distribution Using a Computed Tomography-Based Finite Element Model: A Case Study.
Title: Using Finite Element Modeling in Bone Mechanoadaptation.
Title: Evaluation of the pattern of fracture formation from trauma to the human mandible with finite element analysis. Part 1: Symphysis region.
Title: On the need of a scale-dependent material characterization to describe the mechanical behavior of 3D printed Ti6Al4V custom prostheses using finite element models.
Title: Finite element analysis of the biomechanical effect of clear aligners in extraction space closure under different anchorage controls.
Title: Biomechanical influence of narrow-diameter implants placed at the crestal and subcrestal level in the maxillary anterior region. A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical study of cornea response under orthokeratology lens therapy: A finite element analysis.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Study of Endodontically Treated Maxillary Central Incisors Restored Using Different Post and Crown Materials.
Title: Biomechanical Properties of Bionic Collum Femoris Preserving Hip Prosthesis: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of different fixed dental restorations on short implants: a finite element study.
Title: A Novel Locking Buttress Plate Designed for Simultaneous Medial and Posterolateral Tibial Plateau Fractures: Concept and Comparative Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Response to letter 'How to choose the suitable FNS specification in young patients with femoral neck fracture: A finite element analysis-letter to editor'.
Title: Thermal finite element analysis of localized hypothermia treatment of the human eye.
Title: Finite element analysis of screw fixation durability under multiple boundary and loading conditions for a custom pelvic implant.
Title: Dual plating for fixation failure of the distal femur: Finite element analysis and a clinical series.
Title: Stress and displacement patterns during orthodontic intervention in the maxilla of patients with cleft palate analyzed by finite element analysis: a systematic review.
Title: Stress Distribution in 5-Unit Fixed Partial Dentures with a Pier Abutment and Rigid and Nonrigid Connectors with Two Different Occlusal Schemes: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The efficacy of femoral augmentation for hip fracture prevention using ceramic-based cements: A preliminary experimentally-driven finite element investigation.
Title: Stress and movement trend of lower incisors with different IMPA intruded by clear aligner: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of zygomatic implants for rehabilitation of patients with a severely atrophic maxilla.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion with Various Fixation Options for Adjacent Segment Degeneration: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: On the influence of computed tomography's slice thickness on computer tomography based finite element analyses results.
Title: Finite element analysis of posterior acetabular column plate and posterior acetabular wall prostheses in treating posterior acetabular fractures.
Title: Implications of range of motion requirements for the laxity of ligaments in a lumbar finite element model.
Title: Variable Thickness Strain Pre-Extrapolation for the Inverse Finite Element Method.
Title: Deflection Estimation of Truss Structures Using Inverse Finite Element Method.
Title: Research on the Sound Insulation Performance of Composite Rubber Reinforced with Hollow Glass Microsphere Based on Acoustic Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis Model of Electronic Skin Based on Surface Acoustic Wave Sensor.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Split Sleeve Cold Expansion Process on Multiple Hole Aluminum Alloy.
Title: Genetic Algorithm Optimization of Rainfall Impact Force Piezoelectric Sensing Device, Analytical and Finite Element Investigation.
Title: Influence of the Tibial Tunnel Angle and Posterior Tibial Slope on "Killer Turn" during Posterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Continuum finite element analysis generalizes
Title: Dual plate has better biomechanical stability than hook plate or superior single plate for the fixation of unstable distal clavicle fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Design of three-section microneedle towards low insertion force and high drug delivery amount using the finite element method.
Title: Polyetherketoneketone Mesh for Alveolar Bone Augmentation: Geometric Parameter Design and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Application of finite element analysis in shoulder diseases: A systematic review.
Title: Finite Element Analysis Modelling of Negative Pressure Wound Therapy Drapes.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of customized cage conforming to the endplate morphology in anterior cervical discectomy fusion: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modelling of thermal and moisture mapping of layered cricket helmets.
Title: Biomechanical comparative analysis of conventional pedicle screws and cortical bone trajectory fixation in the lumbar spine: An in vitro and finite element study.
Title: Different femoral tunnel placement in posterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical behavior analysis of four types of short implants with different placement depths using the finite element method.
Title: Thermomechanical damage in cortical bone caused by margins of surgical drill bit: A finite element analysis.
Title: Bionic reconstruction of tension trabeculae in short-stem hip arthroplasty: a finite element analysis.
Title: Characterizing the acoustic response of Thalassia testudinum leaves using resonator measurements and finite element modeling.
Title: Shorter screw lengths in dynamic Dynesys fixation have less screw loosening: From clinical investigation to finite-element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of different sizes of 3D printed cage in lumbar interbody fusion-a finite element analysis.
Title: Position linearity analysis of circular arc terminated resistive anode using finite element method for photon-counting imaging detectors.
Title: Effects of different distractor positions on the formation of expansion, stress and displacement patterns in surgically assisted rapid maxillary expansion without pterygomaxillary disjunction: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Influence of femoral bowing on stress distribution of the proximal femur: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: [Mathematical modeling using finite element analysis in forensic medical examination].
Title: Effects of different distalization directions and methods on maxillary total distalization with clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: Wear estimation of hip implants with varying chamfer geometry at the trunnion junction: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of cervical rotatory manipulation on the cervical spinal cord complex with ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament in the vertebral canal: A finite element study.
Title: The role of muscle forces and gait cycle discretization when assessing acetabular cup primary stability: A finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution in Root Canals When Using a Variety of Post Systems Instrumented with Different Rotary Systems.
Title: Validation of a Finite Element Model for Clinical and Virtual Evaluation of the Changes in Airway Dimensions Following Class III Bimaxillary Orthognathic Surgery.
Title: A finite element analysis of load distribution during donning and orthostatic posture in the ITOP hybrid subischial socket.
Title: Stair-climbing wheelchair proven to maintain user's body stability based on AnyBody musculoskeletal model and finite element analysis.
Title: Reconstruction with 3D-printed prostheses after type I + II + III internal hemipelvectomy: Finite element analysis and preliminary outcomes.
Title: Choosing the optimal mandible position for inferior alveolar nerve block (IANB) using finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of two-level oblique lumbar interbody fusion combined with posterior four-screw fixation：A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of sacral-alar-iliac screw fixation for sacroiliac joint dislocation.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison Between Posterior Long-Segment Fixation, Short-Segment Fixation, and Short-Segment Fixation With Intermediate Screws for the Treatment of Thoracolumbar Burst Fracture: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: An Improved Finite Element Model of Temporomandibular Joint in Maxillofacial System: Experimental Validation.
Title: Finite Element Modeling for the Simulation of the Quasi-Static Compression of Corrugated Tapered Tubes.
Title: Effect of a new transpedicular vertebral device for the treatment or prevention of vertebral compression fractures: A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical study of femoral neck system for young patients with nonanatomically reduced femoral neck fractures: a finite element.
Title: Capacitive stimulation-sensing system for instrumented bone implants: Finite element model to predict the electric stimuli delivered to the interface.
Title: Reference velocity of a human head in bone conduction hearing: Finite element study.
Title: Modeling Cyclic Crack Propagation in Concrete Using the Scaled Boundary Finite Element Method Coupled with the Cumulative Damage-Plasticity Constitutive Law.
Title: Finite-Element Modeling of the Hysteresis Behavior of Tetragonal and Rhombohedral Polydomain Ferroelectroelastic Structures.
Title: Surface Acoustic Wave (SAW) Sensors for Hip Implant: A Numerical and Computational Feasibility Investigation Using Finite Element Methods.
Title: How does bicycling affect the longevity of Total Hip Arthroplasty? A finite element wear analysis.
Title: Implant-Supported Prostheses in the Edentulous Mandible: Biomechanical Analysis of Different Implant Configurations via Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Micro-Scale Non-Linear Finite Element Model to Optimize the Mechanical Behavior of Bioprinted Constructs.
Title: Biomechanical Performances of an Oblique Lateral Interbody Fusion Cage in Models with Different Bone Densities: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effective Treatment of Femur Diaphyseal Fracture with Compression Plate - A Finite Element and In Vivo Study Comparing the Healing Outcomes of Nailing and Plating.
Title: Finite Element Analysis to Study Tensile Strength Differences between Free and Attached Ear Lobules.
Title: Biomechanical effects of hybrid constructions in the treatment of noncontinuous cervical spondylopathy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Modular incorporation of deformable spine and 3D neck musculature into a simplified human body finite element model.
Title: Efficient All-Electron Time-Dependent Density Functional Theory Calculations Using an Enriched Finite Element Basis.
Title: Finite element modelling and biodynamic response prediction of the seated human body exposed to whole-body vibration.
Title: Study on modeling and dynamic performance of a planar flexible parallel manipulator based on finite element method.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress in oral mucosa and titanium mesh interface.
Title: Anatomical and Biomechanical Stability of Single/Double Screw-Cancellous Bone Fixations of Regan-Morry Type III Ulnar Coronoid Fractures in Adults: CT Measurement and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Patient-specific finite element simulation of peripheral artery percutaneous transluminal angioplasty to evaluate the procedure outcome without stent implantation.
Title: Goal-oriented adaptive finite element methods with optimal computational complexity.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of bridge span with three implant abutment designs and two connectors for tooth-implant supported prosthesis: A finite element analysis.
Title: How to choose the suitable FNS specification in young patients with femoral neck fracture: A finite element analysis- letter to editor.
Title: Novel screw fixation placement configuration for the treatment of Pauwels type III femoral neck fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Investigating the post-yield behavior of mineralized bone fibril arrays using a 3D non-linear ﬁnite element unit-cell model.
Title: Manipulations of Oblique Pulling Affect Sacroiliac Joint Displacements and Ligament Strains: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Hybrid mesh for magnetotelluric forward modeling based on the finite element method.
Title: Mechanoregulation may drive osteolysis during bone metastasis: A finite element analysis of the mechanical environment within bone tissue during bone metastasis and osteolytic resorption.
Title: Changes in strain energy density in the temporomandibular joint disk after sagittal split ramus osteotomy using a computed tomography-based finite element model.
Title: Effects of different force directions of intra-oral skeletally anchored maxillary protraction on craniomaxillofacial complex, in Class III malocclusion: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluating the Role of Canalicular Morphology and Perilacunar Region Properties on Local Mechanical Environment of Lacunar-Canalicular Network Using Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of percutaneous anterograde and retrograde screw implantation for superior ramus pubis fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis for fracture resistance of reattached human tooth fragment with different types of retentive preparation techniques.
Title: The semi-automated development of plant cell wall finite element models.
Title: Evaluation of the coracoid bone tunnel placement on Dog Bone™ button fixation for acromioclavicular joint dislocation: a cadaver study combined with finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of dental and skeletal effects of the asymmetric rapid maxillary expansion appliance: A three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Microwave-Based Subsurface Characterization through a Combined Finite Element and Variable Exponent Spaces Technique.
Title: Acetabular Implant Finite Element Simulation with Customised Estimate of Bone Properties.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Crack Propagation in Adhesive Joints with Notched Adherends.
Title: Study on the Tensile Behavior of Helical Auxetic Yarns with Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Hot Rolling of 1075 Carbon Steel Process with Variable Cross Section.
Title: Analysis of the Impact Resistance of Toecaps by the Finite Element Method: Preliminary Studies.
Title: Hourglass-shaped grafts are superior to conventional grafts for restoring knee stability and graft force at knee flexion angle of 30° following anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: A finite element analysis.
Title: Brainstorm-DUNEuro: An integrated and user-friendly Finite Element Method for modeling electromagnetic brain activity.
Title: Homogeneous material models can overestimate stresses in high tibial osteotomy: A finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of surface coatings on the stress distribution by varying friction contact at implant-bone interface using finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Mechanical Characteristics of Internal Fixation for Treatment of Proximal Femoral Osteolytic Lesions in Children.
Title: Computational comparison of anterior lumbar interbody fusion and oblique lumbar interbody fusion with various supplementary fixation systems: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of different screw-included angles in crossing screw fixation for transverse patellar fracture in level walking: a quasi-dynamic finite element study.
Title: Patient-specific finite element modeling of scoliotic curve progression using region-specific stress-modulated vertebral growth.
Title: A Novel Pedicle Screw Design with Variable Thread Geometry: Biomechanical Cadaveric Study with Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis on pushing the molar backwards using invisible aligner with different migration displacement.
Title: Time reversal in a phononic crystal using finite-element modeling and an equivalent circuit model.
Title: The Effect of Anterior-Only, Posterior-Only, and Combined Anterior Posterior Fixation for Cervical Spine Injury with Soft Tissue Injury: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A novel approach for tetrahedral-element-based finite element simulations of anisotropic hyperelastic intervertebral disc behavior.
Title: Optimize an effective triboelectric nanogenerator surface morphology to harvest the human wrist pulse pressure: A numerical study on finite element method.
Title: A mixed finite element discretisation of linear and nonlinear multivariate splines using the Laplacian penalty based on biorthogonal systems.
Title: Biomechanical response of lumbar intervertebral disc in daily sitting postures: a poroelastic finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of Sacropelvic Hardware on Axis and Center of Rotation of the Sacroiliac Joint: A Finite Element Study.
Title: The ability of mouthguards to protect veneered teeth: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of 3 different bone-borne type expansion appliances used in surgically-assisted rapid palatal expansion: A finite element analysis.
Title: Response to the letter to editor regarding "finite element analysis of subtalar joint arthroereisis on adult acquired flexible flatfoot deformity using customized sinus tarsi implant".
Title: Variation in stress distribution modified by mandibular material property: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Yeditepe spine mesh: Finite element modeling and validation of a parametric CAD model of lumbar spine.
Title: A 3D finite element model of uterus support to evaluate mechanisms underlying uterine prolapse formation.
Title: Mechanism of scaphoid waist fracture: finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of Chinese customized three-dimensional printed titanium miniplate in the Lefort I osteotomy: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of the effectiveness of butterfly arch versus transpalatal arch in anchorage reinforcement: A linear 3D finite element study.
Title: Lumbar Fusion including Sacroiliac Joint Fixation Increases the Stress and Angular Motion at the Hip Joint: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Enhancing Performance of a MEMS-Based Piezoresistive Pressure Sensor by Groove: Investigation of Groove Design Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Stiffness and Frequency Response Characteristics of Glass Fiber Reinforced Plastic Wave Springs with Different Periods and Its Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Stability Analysis of Thin-Walled Perforated Composite Columns Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Biomechanical Behavior of Narrow Dental Implants Made with Aluminum- and Vanadium-Free Alloys: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Self-Propelled Rotary Tools in Hard Turning: Analysis and Optimization via Finite Element Models.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Asymmetric Implant Configurations for All-on-Four Treatment Using Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Approximation for Nematic Liquid Crystal Flow with Stretching Effect Based on Nonincremental Pressure-Correction Method.
Title: The Effect of Concave-Side Intertransverse Ligament Laxity on the Stress of AIS Lumbar Spine Based on Finite Element Method.
Title: Fabrication and finite element simulation of 3D printed poly L-lactic acid scaffolds coated with alginate/carbon nanotubes for bone engineering applications.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of spinal column shortening - a finite element study.
Title: Gluteal activation during squatting reduces acetabular contact pressure in persons with femoroacetabular impingement syndrome: A patient-specific finite element analysis.
Title: [Finite element analysis of effect of different treatment methods on vertebral stability of osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures].
Title: Influence of the biomechanical environment on the femoral stem insertion and vibrational behavior: a 3-D finite element study.
Title: Screw Pullout Strength After Pedicle Screw Reposition: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Strain Analysis in Cementless Hip Femoral Prosthesis using the Finite Element Method - Influence of the Variability of the Angular Positioning of the Implant.
Title: Author Correction: Establishment of a finite element model of supination-external rotation ankle joint injury and its mechanical analysis.
Title: Spinal Cord Stress After Anterior Cervical Diskectomy and Fusion: Results from a Patient-Specific Finite Element Model.
Title: Effect of ACDF combined with different degrees of partial resection of uncovertebral joints on cervical stability and degeneration: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of changes in tensile strain and deformation by airbag impact in eyes of various axial lengths.
Title: Finite element analysis of FGM dental crowns using phase-field approach.
Title: Cause analysis of the liner dissociation of a customized reverse shoulder prosthesis based on finite element analysis.
Title: Structure-mechanical analysis of various fixation constructs for basicervical fractures of the proximal femur and clinical implications; finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of cervical spine motion on displacement of posterolateral annulus fibrosus in cervical spondylotic radiculopathy with contained posterolateral disc herniation: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Validation of a novel finite-element model for evaluating patellofemoral forces and stress during squatting after posterior-stabilized total knee arthroplasty.
Title: Automated finite element approach to generate anatomical patient-specific biomechanical models of atherosclerotic arteries from virtual histology-intravascular ultrasound.
Title: Mixed finite element numerical mode matching method for designing infrared broadband polarization-independent metamaterial absorbers.
Title: Effect of partial restorative treatment on stress distributions in non-carious cervical lesions: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Using a finite element model of the thumb to study Trapeziometacarpal joint contact during lateral pinch.
Title: Biomechanical assessment of disease outcome in surgical interventions for medial meniscal posterior root tears: a finite element analysis.
Title: Thermal and solute aspects among two viscosity models in synovial fluid inserting suspension of tri and hybrid nanomaterial using finite element procedure.
Title: The comparison of biomechanical effects of the conventional and bone-borne palatal expanders on late adolescence with unilateral cleft palate: a 3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis on cochlear implantation electrode insertion.
Title: Finite element analysis - Concepts for knowledge and implementation in dental research.
Title: A comparative evaluation of stress distribution between an All-on-Four implant-supported prosthesis and the Trefoil implant-supported prosthesis: A three-dimensional finite element analysis study.
Title: Creation of the biomechanical finite element model of female pelvic floor supporting structure based on thin-sectional high-resolution anatomical images.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Multilevel Lumbar Instrumented Fusions in Adult Spinal Deformity According to the Upper and Lower Fusion Levels: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of different designs of minimally invasive cantilever resin-bonded fixed dental prostheses replacing mandibular premolar: Long-term fracture load and 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Sensor Placement Optimization for Shape Sensing of Plates and Shells Using Genetic Algorithm and Inverse Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Flexural Behavior of Shape Memory Alloy Hybrid Composites Laminates.
Title: Experimental Characterisation and Finite Element Modelling of Polyamide-12 Fabricated via Multi Jet Fusion.
Title: Analysis of Thermal Stress in Vanadium Dioxide Thin Films by Finite Element Method.
Title: The Biomechanical Impact of Loss of an Implant in the Treatment with Mandibular Overdentures on Four Nonsplinted Mini Dental Implants: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Ultrasonic Scattering by Rough Flaws with Multi-Scale Distortions.
Title: Digital Image Correlation and Finite Element Computation to Reveal Mechanical Anisotropy in 3D Printing of Polymers.
Title: Finite Element Solution for Dynamic Mechanical Parameter Influence on Underwater Sound Absorption of Polyurethane-Based Composite.
Title: Stress distributions of the short stem and the tapered wedge stem at different alignments: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Different, but the same: Inferring the hunting behaviour of the hypercarnivorous bush dog (Speothos venaticus) through finite element analysis.
Title: Does number of rods matter? 4-, 5-, and 6-rods across a lumbar pedicle subtraction osteotomy: a finite element analysis.
Title: Construction of the Adjusted Scoliosis 3D Finite Element Model and Biomechanical Analysis under Gravity.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Extrinsic Parameters on the Onset of Tensile Strength in Powders.
Title: Personalized loading conditions for homogenized finite element analysis of the distal sections of the radius.
Title: Development and validation of risk of bias tool for the use of finite element analysis in dentistry (ROBFEAD).
Title: A finite element model of the embryonic zebrafish heart electrophysiology.
Title: A Validated Three-Dimensional, Heterogenous Finite Element Model of the Rotator Cuff and The Effects of Collagen Orientation.
Title: Finite element analysis of coronoid prostheses with different fixation methods in the treatment of comminuted coronoid process fracture.
Title: Towards mechanobiologically optimized mandible reconstruction: CAD/CAM miniplates vs. reconstruction plates for fibula free flap fixation: A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical effects of individualized artificial titanium alloy lamina implantation after laminectomy: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis and energy recovery calculation of carbon fiber composite based on ANSYS software.
Title: Effect of reciprocal headgear forces on the calvarium: A finite element study.
Title: Three-dimensional scaled boundary finite element method to simulate Lamb wave health monitoring of homogeneous structures: Experiment and modelling.
Title: Cell walls of extruded pea snacks: Morphological and mechanical characterisation and finite element modelling.
Title: Modified scarf osteotomy for hallux valgus: From a finite element model to clinical results.
Title: 3D Finite Element Study of the Physiological Anchorage Control Concept on Anchorage Molars in Lingual Orthodontics.
Title: Effects of upper-molar distalization using clear aligners in combination with Class II elastics: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Stress distribution in pediatric zirconia crowns depending on different tooth preparation and cement type: a finite element analysis.
Title: Stimulus-frequency otoacoustic emissions and middle-ear pressure gains in a finite-element mouse model.
Title: Finite element comparative analysis of three different internal fixation methods in the treatment of Pauwels type III femoral neck fractures.
Title: Inverse material parameter estimation of patient-specific finite element models at the carotid bifurcation: The impact of excluding the zero-pressure configuration and residual stress.
Title: Analysis of conventional and helical soil nails using finite element method and limit equilibrium method.
Title: Evaluation of stress and strain on mandible caused using "All-on-Four" system from PEEK in hybrid prosthesis: finite-element analysis.
Title: The effects of lingual buttons, precision cuts, and patient-specific attachments during maxillary molar distalization with clear aligners: Comparison of finite element analysis.
Title: The best position of bone grafts in the medial open-wedge high tibial osteotomy: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Model Updating of RC Bridge Structure with Static Load Testing: A Case Study of Vietnamese ThiThac Bridge in Coastal and Marine Environment.
Title: Experimental Study and Finite Element Analysis on the Flexural Behavior of Steel Fiber Reinforced Recycled Aggregate Concrete Beams.
Title: Analysis of Elastic Properties of Al/PET Isotropic Composite Materials Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Experimental and Finite Element Study on Bending Performance of Glulam-Concrete Composite Beam Reinforced with Timber Board.
Title: Dynamic Analysis of Closed Die Electromagnetic Sheet Metal Forming to Predict Deformation and Failure of AA6061-T6 Alloy Using a Fully Coupled Finite Element Model.
Title: Evaluation of Load Distribution in a Mandibular Model with Four Implants Depending on the Number of Prosthetic Screws Used for OT-Bridge System: A Finite Element Analysis (FEA).
Title: Effect of geometrical structure variations on strength and damage onset of cortical bone using multi-scale cohesive zone based finite element method.
Title: Reconstruction and Quantitative Evaluation of Blunt Injury Cases by Finite Element Method.
Title: Biomechanical tests and finite element analyses of pelvic stability using bilateral single iliac screws with different channels in lumbo-iliac fixation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Transiliac-Transsacral Screw Fixation for Posterior Pelvic Ring with Sacrum Dysplasia.
Title: A Surrogate Model Based on a Finite Element Model of Abdomen for Real-Time Visualisation of Tissue Stress during Physical Examination Training.
Title: High-Demand Spinal Deformity With Multi-Rod Constructs and Porous Fusion/Fixation Implants: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Dental trauma splints for the mixed dentition - A finite element analysis of splint material, splint extension, missing teeth, and PDL representation.
Title: Biomechanical studies of different numbers and positions of cage implantation on minimally invasive transforaminal interbody fusion: A finite element analysis.
Title: Establishment of a finite element model of supination-external rotation ankle joint injury and its mechanical analysis.
Title: A Density-Dependent Target Stimulus for Inverse Bone (Re)modeling with Homogenized Finite Element Models.
Title: [Finite element analysis of optimal selection of cannulated threaded screw for the prevention of femoral neck shortening after internal fixation for femoral neck fracture].
Title: A three-dimensional particle finite element model for simulating soil flow with elastoplasticity.
Title: The Biomechanical Effects of Different Bag-Carrying Styles on Lumbar Spine and Paraspinal Muscles: A Combined Musculoskeletal and Finite Element Study.
Title: Contralateral bridge fixation of freehand minimally invasive pedicle screws combined with unilateral MIS-TLIF vs. open TLIF in the treatment of multi-segmental lumbar degenerative diseases: A five years retrospective study and finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of configuration and anchor in ligamentous augmentation to prevent proximal junctional kyphosis: A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of a novel bone cement bridging screw system for the treatment of Kummell disease: a finite element analysis.
Title: Iatrogenic distal femur fracture following medial femoral supracondylar bone graft harvest: a case report and finite element analysis.
Title: Five cases of atypical ulnar fractures associated with long-term bisphosphonate use: An anatomical and mechanical analysis using a finite element model.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of single- and double-level cervical disc arthroplasty using finite element modeling.
Title: Finite Element Evaluation of the Femoral Neck System as Prophylactic Fixation to Prevent Contralateral Hip Fractures.
Title: Theory and implementation of sub-model method in finite element analysis.
Title: A vector finite element approach to temperature dependent parameters of microwave ablation for liver cancer.
Title: Improved finite element method for flow, heat and solute transport of Prandtl liquid via heated plate.
Title: The three-dimensional displacement tendency of teeth depending on incisor torque compensation with clear aligners of different thicknesses in cases of extraction: a finite element study.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of Worn Molars With Prosthetic Crowns and Onlays Made of Various Materials.
Title: Evaluation of the Effect of Anterior Teeth Torque Values on the Space Occupied by Six Anterior Teeth: a Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of whole-body vibration at different frequencies on the lumbar spine: A finite element study based on a whole human body model.
Title: Finite element analysis to predict temperature distribution in the human neck with abnormal thyroid: A proof of concept.
Title: Different biomechanical effects of clear aligners in bimaxillary space closure under two strong anchorages: finite element analysis.
Title: Stress distribution of one-piece and two-piece mini-Implant overdentures with various attachment systems and diameters: A finite element analysis.
Title: Designing anterior cantilever resin-bonded fixed dental prostheses based on finite element analysis.
Title: Correlation study of biomechanical changes between diabetic eye disease and glaucoma using finite element model of human eye with different iris-lens channel distances.
Title: Development of detailed finite element models for in silico analyses of brain impact dynamics.
Title: On the Role of Damage Evolution in Finite Element Modeling of the Cutting Process and Sensing Residual Stresses.
Title: Experimental and Finite Element Simulation of Polyolefin Elastomer Foams Using Real 3D Structures: Effect of Foaming Agent Content.
Title: Finite Element Modeling and Experimental Investigation for Wood/PVC Composites Log-Walls under In-Plane Lateral Load.
Title: Investigation of the Contact Interface between Natural Fibre Metal Laminates under Tension Using Finite Element Analysis (FEA).
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Strengthening Mechanism of Ultrastrong and Tough Cellulosic Materials.
Title: Optimization of the Laminate Structure of a Composite Cylinder Based on the Combination of Response Surface Methodology (RSM) and Finite Element Analysis (FEA).
Title: Finite Element Methodology of Hybridity Nanofluid Flowing in Diverse Wavy Sides of Penetrable Cylindrical Chamber under a Parallel Magnetic Field with Entropy Generation Analysis.
Title: Adaptive Finite Element Modeling of Linear Elastic Fatigue Crack Growth.
Title: Finite Element Modelling of Corrosion-Damaged RC Beams Strengthened Using the UHPC Layers.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Self-Healing Concrete Beams Using Bacteria.
Title: Finite Element Modeling for Virtual Design to Miniaturize Medical Implants Manufactured of Nanostructured Titanium with Enhanced Mechanical Performance.
Title: Severity of Placental Abruption in Restrained Pregnant Vehicle Drivers: Correct Seat Belt Use Confirmed by Finite Element Model Analysis.
Title: B-Lines Lung Ultrasonography Simulation Using Finite Element Method.
Title: The Role of the Assembly Force in the Tribocorrosion Behaviour of Hip Implant Head-Neck Junctions: An Adaptive Finite Element Approach.
Title: Gender Differences in Cervical Spine Motions and Loads With Head Supported Mass Using Finite Element Models.
Title: Finite Element Study of Stress Distribution with Tooth-Supported Mandibular Overdenture Retained by Ball Attachments or Resilient Telescopic Crowns.
Title: Canceling Notch Improves the Mechanical Safety of Clavicle Locking Plate: A 3D Finite Element Study.
Title: Novel Modular Spine Blocks Affect the Lumbar Spine on Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effectiveness of the attachment position in molar intrusion with clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: Utilization of Galerkin finite element strategy to investigate comparison performance among two hybrid nanofluid models.
Title: Finite element modeling of effects of tissue property variation on human optic nerve tethering during adduction.
Title: Estimating Effective Material Parameters of Inhomogeneous Layers Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Fabrication and finite element simulation of antibacterial 3D printed Poly L-lactic acid scaffolds coated with alginate/magnesium oxide for bone tissue regeneration.
Title: Biot Theory-Based Finite Element Modeling of Continuous Ultrasound Propagation Through Microscale Articular Cartilage.
Title: Impact of secondary particles on the magnetic field generated by a proton pencil beam: a finite-element analysis based on Geant4-DNA simulations.
Title: Can a coracoclavicular screw added to the clavicular hook plate reduce subacromial stress? A finite element analysis.
Title: Spurious oscillations reduction in transient diffusion and wave propagation problems discretized with the Finite Element Method.
Title: Influence of different postballoon expansion procedures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of lumbar spondylolysis repair with various fixation options: A finite element analysis.
Title: Ideal Configuration Distribution of Femoral Neck Cannulated Screw in High Altitude Population: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Predicting rupture locations of ascending aortic aneurysms using CT-based finite element models.
Title: Biomechanical Effect of Disc Height on the Components of the Lumbar Column at the Same Axial Load: A Finite-Element Study.
Title: Corrigendum to "Biomechanical evaluation of axial-loading simulated experiment in wrist fractures: a finite element analysis".
Title: Breakage risk of different sacroiliac screws in unilateral sacral fractures a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of different prosthetic reconstructions in total en bloc spondylectomy: a finite element study.
Title: Evaluation of bone healing process after intramedullary nailing for femoral shaft fracture by quantitative computed tomography-based finite element analysis.
Title: Peri-implant bone resorption risk of anterior maxilla narrow single implants: a finite-element analysis.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of Different Post Materials on Stress Distribution in Endodontically Treated Teeth Using the Finite Element Analysis Method: A Systematic Review.
Title: The effect of the properties of cell nucleus and underlying substrate on the response of finite element models of astrocytes undergoing mechanical stimulations.
Title: Comparison of Cortical Bone Fracture Patterns Under Compression Loading Using Finite Element-Discrete Element Numerical Modeling Approach and Destructive Testing.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of an Implant-Supported FDP with Different Connector Heights.
Title: A novel composite smeared finite element for mechanics (CSFEM): Some applications.
Title: Dynamic finite element analyses to compare the influences of customised total talar replacement and total ankle arthroplasty on foot biomechanics during gait.
Title: Geometrical model establishment and preoperative evaluation on A-T flap design: Finite element method-based computer-aided simulation on surgical operation processes.
Title: The relative influence of model parameters on finite element analysis simulations of intervertebral body fusion device static compression performance.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of maxillary anterior teeth movements during different retracting methods with a lever arm miniscrew system in double-slot lingual brackets: A finite element method study.
Title: The effect of different positions of unerupted lower third molar teeth on the fragility of mandibular angle: Finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analyses of lateral condyle fracture fixation in paediatrics regarding configuration of Kirschner-wire.
Title: The effects of different types of periodontal ligament material models on stresses computed using finite element models.
Title: A comprehensive finite-element human ear model to estimate noise-induced hearing loss associated with occupational noise exposure.
Title: Galerkin finite element analysis for magnetized radiative-reactive Walters-B nanofluid with motile microorganisms on a Riga plate.
Title: Taking a stab at modelling canine tooth biomechanics in mammalian carnivores with beam theory and finite-element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of medial meniscus radial tears on the knee joint during gait: A concurrent finite element musculoskeletal framework investigation.
Title: A Review of Biomaterials and Associated Performance Metrics Analysis in Pre-Clinical Finite Element Model and in Implementation Stages for Total Hip Implant System.
Title: Effects of Moisture Diffusion on a System-in-Package Module by Moisture-Thermal-Mechanical-Coupled Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Development of Finite Element Models of PP, PETG, PVC and SAN Polymers for Thermal Imprint Prediction of High-Aspect-Ratio Microfluidics.
Title: Optimization of Electrode Patterns for an ITO-Based Digital Microfluidic through the Finite Element Simulation.
Title: A Lagrangian Thin-Shell Finite Element Method for Interacting Particles on Fluid Membranes.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Modeling of Drilling-Induced Damage in S2/FM94 Glass-Fiber-Reinforced Polymers (GFRPs).
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Experimental Validation of the Anterior Cruciate Ligament and Implications for the Injury Mechanism.
Title: Stress Distribution on Spinal Cord According to Type of Laminectomy for Large Focal Cervical Ossification of Posterior Longitudinal Ligament Based on Finite Element Method.
Title: Graft Diameter Should Reflect the Size of the Native Anterior Cruciate Ligament (ACL) to Improve the Outcome of ACL Reconstruction: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Optimization of Spinal Reconstructions for Thoracolumbar Burst Fractures to Prevent Proximal Junctional Complications: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of a New Non-Engaging Abutment System for Three-Unit Implant-Supported Fixed Dental Prostheses.
Title: [Finite element analysis of arthroscopic repair of rotator cuff injury with different transosseous techniques].
Title: Undersizing the Tibial Baseplate in Cementless Total Knee Arthroplasty has Only a Small Impact on Bone-Implant Interaction: A Finite Element Biomechanical Study.
Title: Mechanics of lung cancer: A finite element model shows strain amplification during early tumorigenesis.
Title: A Finite Element Investigation on Material and Design Parameters of Ventricular Septal Defect Occluder Devices.
Title: Effects of Rigid and Nonrigid Connections between the Miniscrew and Anchorage Tooth on Dynamics, Efficacy, and Adverse Effects of Maxillary Second Molar Protraction: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Assessment of labially impacted canines traction mode with clear aligners 
Title: An In Vitro Evaluation of a Novel Design 
Title: Natural convection in a porous cavity filled (35%MWCNT-65% Fe
Title: Optimizing fixation methods for stable and unstable intertrochanteric hip fractures treated with sliding hip screw or cephalomedullary nailing: A comparative biomechanical and finite element analysis study.
Title: Comparison of femoral mechanics before and after internal fixation removal and the effect of sclerosis on femoral stress: a finite element analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution on Trephine-Resected Root-end in Targeted Endodontic Microsurgery: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A finite element analysis of the supportive effect of a new type of rotary support plate on lateral tibial plateau fractures.
Title: Erratum to design and optimization of auditory prostheses using the finite element method: a narrative review.
Title: Whole-lung finite-element models for mechanical ventilation and respiratory research applications.
Title: Stress analysis and factor of safety in three dental implant systems by finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of malposition in bi-unicompartmental knee arthroplasty.
Title: Patient-Specific Immersed Finite Element-Difference Model of Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement.
Title: Total disc replacement alters the biomechanics of cervical spine based on sagittal cervical alignment: A finite element study.
Title: A comparative study of conventional and Hall techniques of crown placement using finite element stress analysis.
Title: Is a Complete Anatomical Fit of the Tomofix Plate Biomechanically Favorable? A Parametric Study Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Impact of cage position on biomechanical performance of stand-alone lateral lumbar interbody fusion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Design of an unclad single-mode fiber-optic biosensor based on localized surface plasmon resonance by using COMSOL Multiphysics 5.1 finite element method.
Title: Enhanced 2D finite element model and its application in laser cutting of carbon fiber reinforced plastic composites.
Title: Optimization of cervical cage and analysis of its base material: A finite element study.
Title: Dynamics, Efficacies, and Adverse Effects of Maxillary Full-Arch Intrusion Using Temporary Anchorage Devices (Miniscrews): A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the indirect reduction of posterior pedicle screw fixation for a thoracolumbar burst fracture.
Title: Finite element analysis and optimization of tractor gearbox body under various kinds of working conditions.
Title: A multiphysics modeling approach for in-stent restenosis: Theoretical aspects and finite element implementation.
Title: The Impact of Coronal Configuration of the Proximal Femur on its Mechanical Properties and the Validation of a New Theoretical Model: Finite Element Analysis and Biomechanical Examination.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Soccer Ball-Related Ocular and Retinal Trauma and Comparison with Abusive Head Trauma.
Title: Biomechanical effects of different lateral mass injury patterns on subaxial cervical fracture dislocations after anterior cervical surgery: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element modelling for footwear design and evaluation: A systematic scoping review.
Title: Finite element human body models with active reflexive muscles suitable for sex based whiplash injury prediction.
Title: Superficial zone chondrocytes can get compacted under physiological loading: A multiscale finite element analysis.
Title: The practicability of different preparation of mandibular molar restored by modified endocrown with intracanal extension: Computational analysis using finite element models.
Title: Letter regarding "How to choose the suitable FNS specification in young patients with femoral neck fracture: A finite element analysis".
Title: Biomechanical effect of age-related structural changes on cervical intervertebral disc: A finite element study.
Title: Thermal Evaluation of Multi-Antenna Systems Proposed to Treat Bone Tumors: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of Grain Orientation and Grain Boundary Features on Local Stress State of Cu-8Al-11Mn Alloy Investigated Using Crystal Plasticity Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Dynamic Properties of the Delta Robot with Base Frame.
Title: Comparison of Structural Analysis of Thin-Walled Structures Accomplished by Isogeometric Analysis and the Finite Element Method.
Title: Local thermal effect of power-on setting on monopolar coagulation: a three-dimensional electrothermal coupled finite element study.
Title: The ethmoid bone is the ideal graft to strengthen nasal septum L-strut among different grafts: An evaluation based on finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of odontoid and transverse atlantal ligament in humans with ponticulus posticus variation under different loading conditions: Finite element study.
Title: Critical analysis of the article titled, "Dental trauma splints for the mixed dentition- A finite element analysis of splint material, splint extension, missing teeth and PDL representation".
Title: Intra-Articular Biomechanical Changes of the Meniscus and Ligaments During Stance Phase of Gait Circle after Different Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction Surgical Procedures: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Erratum to "Effect of femoral head necrosis cystic area on femoral head collapse and stress distribution in femoral head: A clinical and finite element study".
Title: Electrophysiological, biomechanical, and finite element analysis study of sacral nerve injury caused by sacral fracture.
Title: Anatomical observation, classification, fracture and finite element analysis of the posterior process of the Asian adult talus.
Title: What is the most fixable intramedullary implant for basicervical fracture and transcervical shear fracture? - A finite element study.
Title: 3D-printed hemipelvic prosthesis combined with a dual mobility bearing in patients with primary malignant neoplasm involving the acetabulum: clinical outcomes and finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of implant length variations on stress shielding in proximal humeral replacement after tumor excision under torsion: Finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical and Finite-Element Analysis of Femoral Pin-Site Fractures Following Navigation-Assisted Total Knee Arthroplasty.
Title: Biomechanical research of medial femoral circumflex vascularized bone-grafting in the treatment of early-to-mid osteonecrosis of the femoral head: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Powder Compaction: Mini-Tablets in Comparison with Conventionally Sized Tablets.
Title: Evaluation of displacements and stress changes in the maxillo-mandibular complex with fixed functional appliance skeletally anchored on mandible using miniplates: A finite element study.
Title: Surgical planning and finite element analysis for the neurocraneal protection in cranioplasty with PMMA: A case study.
Title: An expansion to the Nägerl's theory of proportionality in reduced alveolar bone height models: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Cervical Lift-up Basket Laminoplasty after Resection of Spinal Intramedullary Tumors: A Finite Element Analysis and Clinical Image Evaluation.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of upper anterior teeth retraction and intrusion using clear aligners and mini-implants.
Title: Effect of the prosthetic index on stress distribution in Morse taper connection implant system and peri-implant bone: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Cerebral hemorrhage caused by shaking adult syndrome? Evidence from biomechanical analysis using 3D motion capture and finite element models.
Title: The evaluation of stress on bone level and tissue level short implants: A Finite Element Analysis (FEA) study.
Title: Design feature combinations effects of running shoe on plantar pressure during heel landing: A finite element analysis with Taguchi optimization approach.
Title: Patient-specific three-dimensional evaluation of interface micromotion in two different short stem designs in cementless total hip arthroplasty: a finite element analysis.
Title: A finite element study and mathematical modeling of lumbar pedicle screw along with various design parameters.
Title: Evaluation of Stress and Fatigue on Different Implant Lengths in the Rehabilitation of Atrophic Mandibles with Full-Arch Fixed Prosthesis Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite element analysis of tie wings rotation: A new phenomenon in orthodontic bracket-archwire contact assembly during simulated torque.
Title: [Maximum compressive stress analysis in upper central incisors rehabilitated with fiberglass posts and three types of crowns. A study with the finite element method].
Title: Analysis for Predictors of Failure of Orthodontic Mini-implant Using Patient-Specific Finite Element Models.
Title: LibHip: An open-access hip joint model repository suitable for finite element method simulation.
Title: Biomechanical comparison between unilateral and bilateral percutaneous vertebroplasty for osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Stability of internal fixation systems based on different subtypes of Schatzker II fracture of the tibial plateau: A finite element analysis.
Title: Peri-implant stress distribution assessment of various attachment systems for implant supported overdenture prosthesis by finite element analysis - A systematic review.
Title: Effect of Calcar Screw in Locking Compression Plate System for Osteoporotic Proximal Humerus Fracture: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Comparative Study of 4 Kinds of Internal Fixation Systems for Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion in Children.
Title: Seismic Safety Design and Analysis of Hydraulic Sluice Chamber Structure Based on Finite Element Method.
Title: Anchorage effects of ligation and direct occlusion in orthodontics: A finite element analysis.
Title: Application of dual-trajectory screws in revision surgery for lumbar adjacent segment disease: a finite element study.
Title: Comparison of the debonding force of metal, glass and polyethylene Fiber reinforced composite retainers: Mechanical and finite element analyses.
Title: Finite element analysis of the biomechanical effects of titanium and Cfr-peek additively manufactured subperiosteal jaw implant (AMSJI) on maxilla.
Title: Computer-aided Design of Distal Femoral Osteotomy for the Valgus Knee and Effect of Correction Angle on Joint Loading by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A finite element analysis on the biomechanical performance of implant-retained finger prostheses designed for Asians.
Title: Correction: Does the anterior column realignment technique influences the stresses on posterior instrumentation in sagittal imbalance correction? A biomechanical, finite-element analysis of L5-S1 ALIF and L3-4 lateral ACR.
Title: Finite element analysis of optimal design of distal geometry of cementless femoral prosthesis.
Title: Tibial Strains During Prolonged Downhill Running: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Design of Arbitrary Magnetic Patterns on Magnetic Polymer Composite Objects: A Finite Element Modelling Tool.
Title: Optimal Design of Acoustic Metamaterial of Multiple Parallel Hexagonal Helmholtz Resonators by Combination of Finite Element Simulation and Cuckoo Search Algorithm.
Title: Clarification of Temperature Field Evolution in Large-Scale Electric Upsetting Process of Ni80A Superalloy through Finite Element Method.
Title: Investigation of the Performance of Ti6Al4V Lattice Structures Designed for Biomedical Implants Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Mechanical Properties of Robocast Glass Scaffolds Assessed through Micro-CT-Based Finite Element Models.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Non-Uniform Degradation of Biodegradable Vascular Stents.
Title: Image-Based Finite Element Modeling Approach for Characterizing In Vivo Mechanical Properties of Human Arteries.
Title: Biomechanical Performance of PEEK and Graphene-Modified PMMA as Telescopic Removable Partial Denture Materials: A Nonlinear 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Investigation of the Tissue Degenerative Impact of Increased BMI in Achilles Tendon via Strain Elastography and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Development and Validation of an Active Muscle Simplified Finite Element Human Body Model in a Standing Posture.
Title: Comparative evaluation of short or standard implants with different prosthetic designs in the posterior mandibular region: a three-dimensional finite element analysis study.
Title: Biomechanical Characteristics of the Femoral Isthmus during Total Hip Arthroplasty in Patients with Adult Osteoporosis and Developmental Dysplasia of the Hip: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Recovery of Forearm Bone Strength After Plate Removal: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Quantifying the Effect of Sex and Neuroanatomical Biomechanical Features on Brain Deformation Response in Finite Element Brain Models.
Title: Finite-Element Analysis of a Novel Cephalomedullary Nail for Restricted Sliding to Reduce Risk of Implant Failure in Unstable Intertrochanteric Fractures.
Title: Combined analysis of finite element model and audiometry provides insights into the pathogenesis of conductive hearing loss.
Title: The application of finite element analysis to determine the optimal UIV of growing-rod treatment in early-onset scoliosis.
Title: Investigation of the elastic constants of perfect and imperfect carbon nanocones using an adequate nonlinear atomic finite element model.
Title: Effect of screw tunnels on proximal femur strength after screw removal: A finite element analysis.
Title: Global stiffness and residual stresses in spinal fixator systems: A validated finite element study on the interconnection mechanism.
Title: Medial tibial plateau sustaining higher physiological stress than the lateral plateau: based on 3D printing and finite element method.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of Swanson prosthesis-arthroplasty of the first metatarsophalangeal joint combined with osteotomy and bone grafting of the first metatarsal bone for hallux valgus].
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of a novel anatomical plate for oblique lumbar interbody fusion compared with various fixations: a finite element analysis.
Title: Computation and Collation of Torque Expression in 0.018 Inch and 0.022 Inch Preadjusted Bracket Slots on Passive Insertion of Full-Size Archwire: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Stress and Strain Created Around Miniscrews during En Masse Retraction - A Finite Element Method.
Title: [Establishment of a 3-dimentional finite element system simulating En masse retraction implemented by customized lingual appliances].
Title: [Influence of bilateral coronoidectomy on temporomandibular joint stress distribution after costochondral graft reconstruction: a finite element analysis].
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Elbow Joint Stability by Different Flexion Angles of the Annular Ligament.
Title: The effect of mandibular flexure on the design of implant-supported fixed restorations of different facial types under two loading conditions by three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Additively Manufactured Multi-Morphology Bone-like Porous Scaffolds: Experiments and Micro-Computed Tomography-Based Finite Element Modeling Approaches.
Title: Biomechanics comparison between endobutton fixation and syndesmotic screw fixation for syndesmotic injury ankle fracture; a finite element analysis and cadaveric validation study.
Title: Open Knee(s): A Free and Open Source Library of Specimen-Specific Models and Related Digital Assets for Finite Element Analysis of the Knee Joint.
Title: Field emitter electrostatics: a review with special emphasis on modern high-precision finite-element modelling.
Title: Effects of Occlusal Plane Inclination on the Temporomandibular Joint Stress Distribution: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Author Correction: Finite element analysis for ternary hybrid nanoparticles on thermal enhancement in pseudo-plastic liquid through porous stretching sheet.
Title: Quantifying how altered lacunar morphology and perilacunar tissue properties influence local mechanical environment of osteocyte lacunae using finite element modeling.
Title: Biomechanical study on parallel cannulated compression screw combined with medial buttress plate fixation and F-type cannulated compression screw fixation in Pauwels III femoral neck fracture：A finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of different fixation modes on biomechanical conduction of 3D printed prostheses for treating critical diaphyseal defects of lower limbs: A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical characteristics of 2 different posterior fixation methods of bilateral pedicle screws: A finite element analysis.
Title: Integration of Surrogate Huxley Muscle Model into Finite Element Solver for Simulation of the Cardiac Cycle.
Title: An investigation of the ankle contact forces in a foot with hammer toe deformity. A comparison of patient-specific approaches using finite element modeling and musculoskeletal simulation.
Title: Stent with Piezoelectric Transducers for High Spatial Resolution Ultrasound Neuromodulation- a Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Experimental validation of a subject-specific finite element model of lumbar spine segment using digital image correlation.
Title: Finite Element Simulation and Experimental Research on Uniformity Regulation of Microwave Heating of Composite Materials.
Title: Inverse Finite Element Approach to Identify the Post-Necking Hardening Behavior of Polyamide 12 under Uniaxial Tension.
Title: Embossing Lines and Dots Geometry Effect on the Key Tissue Paper Properties with Finite Element Method Analysis.
Title: Free and Forced Vibration Analyses of Functionally Graded Graphene-Nanoplatelet-Reinforced Beams Based on the Finite Element Method.
Title: Elements of Designing Upholstered Furniture Sandwich Frames Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Thermo-Mechanical Behavior of Aluminum Matrix Nano-Composite Automobile Disc Brake Rotor Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Effect of Marginal Bone Integrity and Aftermarket Abutment Screws on Dental Implant Systems-A Preliminary Study with Finite Element Method.
Title: Effects of Marginal Bone Loss Progression on Stress Distribution in Different Implant-Abutment Connections and Abutment Materials: A 3D Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Elastoplastic Elements in the Iwan Model of Bolted Joints.
Title: Structural Design and Finite Element Simulation Analysis of Grade 3 Graded Porous Titanium Implant.
Title: Biomechanical behaviour of tension-band-reconstruction titanium plate in open-door laminoplasty: a study based on finite element analysis.
Title: Modal analysis of novel coronavirus (SARS COV-2) using finite element methodology.
Title: Intrusion of overerupted periodontally compromised posterior teeth using orthodontic mini implants: A mechanobiological finite element study.
Title: Comparative analysis of the biomechanics of anterior cervical discectomy and fusion with multiple segmental plates fixation versus single multilevel plate fixation: a finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of the Combined Faradaic and Electrostatic Contributions to the Voltammetric Response of Monolayer Redox Films.
Title: Effects of miniscrew location on biomechanical performances of bone-borne rapid palatal expander to midpalatal suture: A finite element study.
Title: Normalization technique to build patient specific muscle model in finite element head neck spine.
Title: An experimental-numerical method for the calibration of finite element models of the lumbar spine.
Title: Comparative biomechanical performance of two configurations of screw constructs and types used to stabilize different sites of unstable Pauwels type II femoral neck fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of a customized lumbar interspinous spacer based on transfacetopedicular screw fixation: A finite element study.
Title: The Effect of Abutment Angulation and Crown Material Compositions on Stress Distribution in 3-Unit Fixed Implant-Supported Prostheses: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Sagittal Imbalance May Lead to Higher Risks of Vertebral Compression Fractures and Disc Degeneration-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The relationship between subchondral bone cysts and cartilage health in the Tibiotalar joint: A finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of Mandibular Canine Intrusion Obtained Using Cantilever Versus Bone Anchorage: A Comparative Finite Element Study.
Title: [Finite element analysis and biomimetic optimal design of full-crown restoration].
Title: Finite element analysis of different internal fixation methods for the treatment of atrophic mandible fractures.
Title: Comparative evaluation of stress distribution and transverse displacement of novel designs of miniplates for sagittal split ramus osteotomy in 10 mm advancements: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element evaluation to compare stress pattern in bone surrounding implant with carbon fiber-reinforced poly-ether-ether-ketone and commercially pure titanium implants.
Title: The probability of whole-bone fatigue fracture can be accurately predicted using specimen-specific finite element analysis incorporating a stochastic failure model.
Title: A Review of CT-Based Fracture Risk Assessment with Finite Element Modeling and Machine Learning.
Title: Finite element analysis and optimization of microneedle arrays for transdermal vaccine delivery: comparison of coated and dissolving microneedles.
Title: Finite element analysis for better evaluation of rib fractures: A pilot study.
Title: Finite Element Simulations of a Concussion Case in High School Soccer.
Title: Experimental investigation and finite element modelling of PMMA/carbon nanotube nanobiocomposites for bone cement applications.
Title: The efficacy of computed tomography scanning versus surface scanning in 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Development of robust finite element models to investigate the stability of osteochondral grafts within porcine femoral condyles.
Title: Evaluation of internal fixation techniques for extracapsular fracture: A finite element analysis and comparison.
Title: An ultrasound-guided percutaneous electrical nerve stimulation regimen devised using finite element modeling promotes functional recovery after median nerve transection.
Title: Effect of Implant Design on Stress Distribution: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Analysis of Rotator Cuff Muscle Injury on the Drawing Side of the Recurve Bow: A Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Study of PEEK Materials Applied in Post-Retained Restorations.
Title: The Finite Element Analysis Research on Microneedle Design Strategy and Transdermal Drug Delivery System.
Title: Finite Element Investigation on Cutting Force and Residual Stress in 3D Elliptical Vibration Cutting Ti6Al4V.
Title: Micro-Mechanical Investigation of Interfacial Debonding in Carbon Fiber-Reinforced Composites Using Extended Finite Element Method (XFEM) Approach.
Title: Steady-State Thermal Analysis of Functionally Graded Rotating Disks Using Finite Element and Analytical Methods.
Title: Mechanical and Thermal Stress Analysis of Cervical Resin Composite Restorations Containing Different Ratios of Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles: A 3D Finite Element Study.
Title: Kinematic Alignment in Total Knee Arthroplasty Reduces Polyethylene Contact Pressure by Increasing the Contact Area, When Compared to Mechanical Alignment-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of different base materials and thicknesses on the fracture resistance of endocrown: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis after rod fracture of the spinal hybrid elastic rod system.
Title: [Finite element analysis of the effect of knee movable unicompartmental prosthesis insertion shape and mounting position on stress distribution in the knee joint after replacement].
Title: Bridging the electrode-neuron gap: finite element modeling of in vitro neurotrophin gradients to optimize neuroelectronic interfaces in the inner ear.
Title: Biomechanical study of anterior and posterior pelvic rings using pedicle screw fixation for Tile C1 pelvic fractures: Finite element analysis.
Title: Relationship between high intra-abdominal pressure and compliance of the pelvic floor support system in women without pelvic organ prolapse: A finite element analysis.
Title: The Hybrid Transtibial Technique for Femoral Tunnel Drilling in Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction: A Finite Element Analysis Model of Graft Bending Angles and Peak Graft Stresses in Comparison With Transtibial and Anteromedial Portal Techniques.
Title: A Novel Anatomical Locking Guide Plate for Treating Acetabular Transverse Posterior Wall Fracture: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Exploring Mechanisms Underlying Unexplained Air-Bone Gaps Post-Myringoplasty: Temporal Bone Model and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Does the anterior column realignment technique influences the stresses on posterior instrumentation in sagittal imbalance correction? A biomechanical, finite-element analysis of L5-S1 ALIF and L3-4 lateral ACR.
Title: Torqued and conventional cantilever for uprighting mesially impacted molars: A 3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of different internal fixation methods based on finite element analysis for Pauwels type III femoral neck fracture.
Title: Comparison of morphing techniques to develop subject-specific finite element models of vertebrae.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Atmospheric Water Extraction by Way of Highly Porous Adsorbents: A Roadmap for Solver Construction with Model Factor Sensitivity Screening.
Title: Computer-aided finite element model for biomechanical analysis of orthodontic aligners.
Title: Effects of osteoporosis on the biomechanics of various supplemental fixations co-applied with oblique lumbar interbody fusion (OLIF): a finite element analysis.
Title: Development and global validation of a 1-week-old piglet head finite element model for impact simulations.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of exo-cortical placement of humeral calcar screw for reconstruction of medial column stability].
Title: Finite element analysis of intraosseous distal radioulnar joint prosthesis.
Title: Load Distribution in Dorsally-Angulated Distal Radius Deformity Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Model of a Piezo-Electric Actuator Coupled to the Middle Ear.
Title: Mechanical response of different frameworks for maxillary all-on-four implant-supported fixed dental prosthesis: 3D finite element analysis.
Title: The Hyrax appliance with tooth anchorage variations in surgically assisted rapid maxillary expansion: a finite element analysis.
Title: Bendable osteochondral allografts for patellar resurfacing: A finite element analysis of congruence.
Title: Finite Element Model to Simulate Two-Phase Fluid Flow in Naturally Fractured Oil Reservoirs: Part I.
Title: One step further in biomechanical models in palaeontology: a nonlinear finite element analysis review.
Title: Finite element analysis of mitral valve annuloplasty in Barlow's disease.
Title: A discrete fiber network finite element model of arterial elastin network considering inter-fiber crosslinking property and density.
Title: Modified internal curvilinear distraction device with a pre-embedding guide rail, drive screw, and universal joint for curvilinear lengthening of the mandible: A finite element analysis and animal experiment.
Title: Biomechanical effect of Coflex and X-STOP spacers on the lumbar spine: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluations of 3D-Printed Surgical Mask Tension Release Bands for Common COVID-19 Use with Biomechanics, Sensor Array System, and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Physicochemical Characterization and Finite Element Analysis-Assisted Mechanical Behavior of Polylactic Acid-Montmorillonite 3D Printed Nanocomposites.
Title: Comparison and Optimization: Research on the Structure of the PET Bottle Bottom Based on the Finite Element Method.
Title: Mesoscale Finite Element Modeling of Mortar under Sulfate Attack.
Title: Influence of Structural Porosity and Martensite Evolution on Mechanical Characteristics of Nitinol via In-Silico Finite Element Approach.
Title: Finite Element Simulation of Punch Structure and Its Effect on Microstructure Evolution of Mg-Gd-Y-Zn-Zr Alloy via Rotary Extrusion Method.
Title: Finite element analysis of a newly designed miniplate for orthodontic anchorage in the maxillary anterior region.
Title: [Finite element modeling of postmortem hyperthermia in the absence of internal heat sources].
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion with Coflex-F and Pedicle Screw Fixation: Finite Element Analysis of Static and Vibration Conditions.
Title: Effects of modified trans-tibial versus trans-portal technique on stress patterns around the femoral tunnel in anatomical single-bundle ACL reconstruction with different knee flexion angles using finite element analysis.
Title: Timing selection for loosened tooth fixation based on degree of alveolar bone resorption: a finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of the Biomechanical Effect of the FFX Device Compared With Other Lumbar Fusion Devices: A Finite Element Study.
Title: High performance multi-platform computing for large-scale image-based finite element modeling of bone.
Title: Investigation of Utilizing Industrial Waste Residue Proportion on Concrete Structure: Computer Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A 3-D finite element analysis of the effect of dental implant thread angle on stress distribution in the surrounding bone.
Title: Investigation of Fire Effects on Reinforced Concrete Members via Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of different fixation methods of screws on absorbable plate for rib fractures.
Title: Effect of implant placement depth on bone remodeling on implant-supported single zirconia abutment crown: A 3D finite element study.
Title: Validation of finite element models for orthodontic aligners.
Title: Finite element analysis of dynamic changes in spinal mechanics of osteoporotic lumbar fracture.
Title: Comparative analysis of tibial plateau fracture osteosynthesis: A finite element study.
Title: Effect of degenerative factors on cervical spinal cord during flexion and extension: a dynamic finite element analysis.
Title: Mechanical analysis of deep tissue injury during sitting in patients with spinal cord injury via parametric finite element model.
Title: Galerkin finite element analysis for the augmentation in thermal transport of ternary-hybrid nanoparticles by engaging non-Fourier's law.
Title: Biomechanics of internal connection in mandibular implant-supported prosthesis under effect of loadings and number of implants: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Corrigendum: Comparative Evaluation of Stress Acting on Abutment, Bone, and Connector of Different Designs of Acid-Etched Resin-Bonded Fixed Partial Dentures: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical investigation of the hybrid modified cortical bone screw-pedicle screw fixation technique: Finite-element analysis.
Title: Different Lengths of Percutaneous Transverse Iliosacral Screw in Geometric Osseous Fixation Pathway: A Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: The influence of composite bone plates in Vancouver femur B1 fracture fixation after post-operative, and healed bone stages: A finite element study.
Title: The risk of tibial eminence avulsion fracture with bi-unicondylar knee arthroplasty : a finite element analysis.
Title: The influence of foramina on femoral neck fractures and strains predicted with finite element analysis.
Title: Deepening trochleoplasty may dramatically increase retropatellar contact pressures- a pilot study establishing a finite element model.
Title: Finite element study of a partial meniscectomy of a complete discoid lateral meniscus in adults.
Title: Kinematic and biomechanical responses of the spine to distraction surgery in children with early onset scoliosis: A 3-D finite element analysis.
Title: Torque movement of the upper anterior teeth using a clear aligner in cases of extraction: a finite element study.
Title: Dental trauma splints for the mixed dentition - A finite element analysis of splint material, splint extension, missing teeth, and PDL representation.
Title: A novel graded-stiffness footwear device for heel ulcer prevention and treatment: a finite element-based study.
Title: Comparison of two coracoid process transfer techniques on stress shielding using three-dimensional finite-element model.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of atlantoaxial intraarticular fusion cages with posterior pedicle screws fixation using finite element method.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Stresses Induced by One-Piece and Two-Piece Dental Implants Supporting All-on-4 Implant-Supported Prostheses.
Title: Effect of Implant Diameter and Bruxism on Biomechanical Performance in Maxillary All-on-4 Treatment: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of the reconstruction of the calcar femorale in femoral neck fractures: a comparative finite element analysis.
Title: Study on Vertical Joint Performance of Single-Faced Superposed Shear Wall Based on Finite Element Analysis and Calculation.
Title: Corrective Mechanism Aftermath Surgical Treatment of Spine Deformity due to Scoliosis: A Systematic Review of Finite Element Studies.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Osteoporotic and Osteoblastic Vertebrae and Its Association With the Proton Density Fat Fraction From Chemical Shift Encoding-Based Water-Fat MRI - A Preliminary Study.
Title: Investigation of Tensile Properties of Different Infill Pattern Structures of 3D-Printed PLA Polymers: Analysis and Validation Using Finite Element Analysis in ANSYS.
Title: Post Placement and Restoration of Endodontically Treated Canines: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Contribution to the 3R Principle: Description of a Specimen-Specific Finite Element Model Simulating 3-Point-Bending Tests in Mouse Tibiae.
Title: Effect of femoral head necrosis cystic area on femoral head collapse and stress distribution in femoral head: A clinical and finite element study.
Title: Comparative biomechanical analyses of lower cervical spine post anterior fusion versus intervertebral disc arthroplasty: A geometrically patient-specific poroelastic finite element investigation.
Title: Design and finite element modeling of two-dimensional nanomechanical biosensors for SARS-CoV-2 detection.
Title: Improved Adaptive Multi-Objective Particle Swarm Optimization of Sensor Layout for Shape Sensing with Inverse Finite Element Method.
Title: Bridge Health Monitoring Using Strain Data and High-Fidelity Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Vibration-Based Damage Detection Using Finite Element Modeling and the Metaheuristic Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm.
Title: Effects of Periodontal Splints on Biomechanical Behaviors in Compromised Periodontal Tissues and Cement Layer: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Research on the Influence of Tool Surface Texture on Cutting Performance Based on Finite Element Method.
Title: Failure Mechanism of the Fire Control Computer CPU Board inside the Tank under Transient Shock: Finite Element Simulations and Experimental Studies.
Title: Rapid Prediction of Retina Stress and Strain Patterns in Soccer-Related Ocular Injury: Integrating Finite Element Analysis with Machine Learning Approach.
Title: Uniform Finite Element Error Estimates with Power-Type Asymptotic Constants for Unsteady Navier-Stokes Equations.
Title: A Mixed Finite Element Method for Stationary Magneto-Heat Coupling System with Variable Coefficients.
Title: Patient-Specific Finite Element Modeling of the Whole Lumbar Spine Using Clinical Routine Multi-Detector Computed Tomography (MDCT) Data-A Pilot Study.
Title: The optimal angle of screw for using cement-screw technique to repair tibial defect in total knee arthroplasty: a finite element analysis.
Title: A Validated Open-Source Shoulder Finite Element Model and Investigation of the Effect of Analysis Precision.
Title: Design of patient specific basal dental implant using Finite Element method and Artificial Neural Network technique.
Title: Finite element and in vitro study on biomechanical behavior of endodontically treated premolars restored with direct or indirect composite restorations.
Title: Evaluation and comparison of stresses and displacements generated by four different types of asymmetric maxillary expansion appliances in true unilateral crossbite using finite element method.
Title: Application of finite element analysis to tissue differentiation and bone remodelling approaches and their use in design optimization of orthopaedic implants: A review.
Title: Cultivation of hierarchical 3D scaffolds inside a perfusion bioreactor: scaffold design and finite-element analysis of fluid flow.
Title: [Two-dimensional equivalent mechanical modeling and finite element analysis of normal female pelvic floor system].
Title: Open-Full-Jaw: An open-access dataset and pipeline for finite element models of human jaw.
Title: Comparative study on the effect of maxillary expansion on the displacement of maxillary alveolar bone before and after alveolar bone graft: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Anterior cervical transpedicular screw fixation system in subaxial cervical spine: A finite element comparative study.
Title: Enhancing the Biofidelity of an Upper Cervical Spine Finite Element Model Within the Physiologic Range of Motion and Its Effect on the Full Ligamentous Neck Model Response.
Title: A framework for effective face-mask contact modeling based on finite element analysis for custom design of a facial mask.
Title: A finite element model of the mechanical interactions between peripheral nerves and intrafascicular implants.
Title: [Preliminary finite element analysis of percutaneous screw fixation of Schatzker typeⅠ tibial plateau fracture].
Title: Thread shape, cortical bone thickness, and magnitude and distribution of stress caused by the loading of orthodontic miniscrews: finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluating the dynamic behaviour of bone anchored hearing aids using a finite element model and its applications to implant stability assessment.
Title: Biomechanical evaluations of the long-term stability of dental implant using finite element modeling method: a systematic review.
Title: Should cannulated screws be removed after a femoral neck fracture has healed, and how? A finite element analysis of the femur before and after cannulated screw removal.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of four different internal fixation implants for Pauwels type III femoral neck fractures in various fracture angles in the sagittal plane.
Title: From computed tomography to finite element space: A unified bone material mapping strategy.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Proximal Femur Bionic Nail (PFBN) Compared with Proximal Femoral Nail Antirotation and InterTan in Treatment of Intertrochanteric Fractures.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison between Isobar and Dynamic-Transitional Optima (DTO) Hybrid Lumbar Fixators: A Lumbosacral Finite Element and Intersegmental Motion Analysis.
Title: Design and optimization of auditory prostheses using the finite element method: a narrative review.
Title: 3D Finite Element Analysis of Seismic Response of Rigid Pile Composite Foundation with Microprobe Group.
Title: Modeling of three dimensional Prandtl hybrid nano-material over a heated rotating cone involving hall and ion slip currents via finite element procedure.
Title: Tensile mechanical properties and finite element simulation of the wings of the butterfly Tirumala limniace.
Title: Finite element analysis of femoral neck system in the treatment of Pauwels type III femoral neck fracture.
Title: Probing the Influence of Hybrid Thread Design on Biomechanical Response of Dental Implants: Finite Element Study and Experimental Validation.
Title: Finite element analysis of bone mechanical properties using MRI-derived bound and pore water concentration maps.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Spinal Column after Percutaneous Cement Discoplasty: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Bankart Repair With Remplissage Restores Better Shoulder Stability Than Bankart Repair Alone, and Medial or Two Remplissage Anchors Increase Stability but Decrease Range of Motion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of esophageal atresia repair with biodegradable polymer sleeves.
Title: Plate configuration for biological reconstructions of femoral intercalary defect - a finite element evaluation.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of a Novel Anatomic Titanium Mesh Cage for Single-Level Anterior Cervical Corpectomy and Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of effective mandibular en-masse retraction using Class II elastics with a clear aligner: a finite element study.
Title: Design and Analysis of Solid Rocket Composite Motor Case Connector Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Anisotropy of the ΔE Effect in Ni-Based Magnetoelectric Cantilevers: A Finite Element Method Analysis.
Title: Magnetic Force Probe Characterizations of Nanoscaled Ferromagnetic Domains: Finite-Element Magnetostatic Simulations.
Title: Numerical Simulation of Stresses in Functionally Graded HCS-MgO Cylinder Using Iterative Technique and Finite Element Method.
Title: Evaluation and Numerical Investigations of the Cyclic Behavior of Smart Composite Steel-Concrete Shear Wall: Comprehensive Study of Finite Element Model.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Steel Plates with Rectangular Openings Subjected to Axial Stress.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Near-Infrared Hyperspectral Reflectance Imaging for the Determination of Blueberry Bruise Grading.
Title: Research on Damage Properties of Apples Based on Static Compression Combined with the Finite Element Method.
Title: Simulation of hybridized nanofluids flowing and heat transfer enhancement via 3-D vertical heated plate using finite element technique.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of various internal fixation patterns for unilateral mandibular condylar base fractures: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of the advanced mandibular spring on mandibular retrognathia treatment: a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis potentially identifies nonessential prophylactic stabilization in femurs with metastatic disease.
Title: Performing a Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis to Simulate and Quantify the Contact Pressure in the Canine Elbow Joint: A Pilot Study.
Title: Single-level cervical disc arthroplasty in the spine with reversible kyphosis: A finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of the stump-ischial containment socket interaction: a technical note.
Title: Validation of rib structural responses under dynamic loadings using different material properties: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanics evaluation of sacroiliac joint pain after lumbosacral fusion: A finite element analysis.
Title: Design and validation of a finite element model of the aponeurotic and free Achilles tendon.
Title: Effects of composite resin core level and periodontal pocket depth on crack propagation in endodontically treated teeth: An extended finite element method study.
Title: How to fix a tibial tubercle osteotomy with distalisation: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite-element-based resonant ultrasound spectroscopy for measurement of multi-material samples.
Title: Finite element simulation of multilayer model to simulate fine needle insertion mechanism into iliac crest for bone marrow biopsy.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Six Different Root-Analog Implants and the Conventional Morse Taper Implant by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Analysis of the physiological load on lumbar vertebrae in patients with osteoporosis: a finite-element study.
Title: Tibio-Femoral Contact Force Distribution of Knee Before and After Total Knee Arthroplasty: Combined Finite Element and Gait Analysis.
Title: Lower hand grip in rheumatoid arthritis patients is associated with low finite element analysis using high resolution peripheral quantitative computed tomography scan of the 2nd metacarpophalangeal joint.
Title: A finite element analysis on different bone cement forms and injection volumes injected into lumbar vertebral body in percutaneous kyphoplasty.
Title: An implant-supported overdenture for a mandibular defect after tumor resection guided by 3-dimensional finite element analysis: A clinical report.
Title: Convection-enhanced delivery with controlled catheter movement: A parametric finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of an oblique lumbar interbody fusion combined with posterior augmentation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Do we have to pursue complete reduction after PVA in osteoporotic vertebral compression fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Movement posture and injury pattern of pelvis-lumbar spine of seated human impacted by the vertical high loads: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of necessity of reduction and selection of internal fixation for valgus-impacted femoral neck fracture.
Title: An investigation of integrating the finite element method (FEM) with grey system theory for geotechnical problems.
Title: Does the Suprascapular Nerve Move within the Suprascapular Notch? Biomechanical Perspective Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Real-Time Structural Health Monitoring and Damage Identification Using Frequency Response Functions along with Finite Element Model Updating Technique.
Title: Finite Element Modeling and Test of Piezo Disk with Local Ring Electrodes for Micro Displacement.
Title: A Linear-Arc Composite Beam Piezoelectric Energy Harvester Modeling and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Design and Finite Element Analysis of Patient-Specific Total Temporomandibular Joint Implants.
Title: Embossing Pressure Effect on Mechanical and Softness Properties of Industrial Base Tissue Papers with Finite Element Method Validation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Mechanical Properties of Axially Compressed Square High-Strength Concrete-Filled Steel Tube Stub Columns Based on a Constitutive Model for High-Strength Materials.
Title: Fracture Mode Transition during Assembly of TC4 High-Lock Bolt under Tensile Load: A Combined Experimental Study and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Multifactorial Analysis of Endodontic Microsurgery Using Finite Element Models.
Title: Initial Displacement and Stress Distribution of Upper Central Incisor Extrusion with Clear Aligners and Various Shapes of Composite Attachments Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Bio-Inspired Sutures: Using Finite Element Analysis to Parameterize the Mechanical Response of Dovetail Sutures in Simulated Bending of a Curved Structure.
Title: Spatial Bridge Locking Fixator versus Traditional Locking Plates in Treating AO/OTA 32-A3.2 Fracture: Finite Element Analysis and Biomechanical Evaluation.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Tibiofibular Syndesmosis Injury Fixation Methods: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of implant parameters on biomechanical stability of TMJ replacement: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effects of interbody cage height on adjacent segments in patients with lumbar degeneration: a 3D finite element study.
Title: Influence of Different Restoring Materials on Stress Distribution in Prosthesis on Implants: A Review of Finite Element Studies.
Title: Comparison of Extramaxillary Anchored Implants, Tilted Implants, or Sinus Elevation Concepts on Stress Distribution in Atrophic Maxilla: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of percutaneous cement discoplasty by finite element analysis.
Title: The synergetic effect of pulp chamber extension depth and occlusal thickness on stress distribution of molar endocrowns: a 3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Wavefront aberrations caused by biomechanical effects after Small Incision Lenticule Extraction (SMILE) based on finite element analysis.
Title: Effects of badminton insole design on stress distribution, displacement and bone rotation of ankle joint during single-leg landing: a finite element analysis.
Title: Mechanical Distribution and New Bone Regeneration After Implanting 3D Printed Prostheses for Repairing Metaphyseal Bone Defects: A Finite Element Analysis and Prospective Clinical Study.
Title: Mechanical behavior of hybrid glenoid components compared to all-PE components: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation on a novel design of biodegradable embossed locking compression plate for orthopaedic applications using finite element analysis.
Title: Assigning trabecular bone material properties in finite element models simulating the pelvis before and after the development of peri-prosthetic osteolytic lesions.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of different interspinous process devices in the treatment of lumbar spinal stenosis: a finite element analysis.
Title: Multi-fidelity surrogate modeling through hybrid machine learning for biomechanical and finite element analysis of soft tissues.
Title: Biomechanical effect of C5-C6 intervertebral disc degeneration on the human lower cervical spine (C3-C7): a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis modeling of plates versus intramedullary nails in closed comminuted midshaft tibial fractures.
Title: Deformation analysis of cement modified soft clay soil using finite element method (FEM).
Title: Novel force-displacement control passive finite element models of the spine to simulate intact and pathological conditions; comparisons with traditional passive and detailed musculoskeletal models.
Title: Enhanced magnetic transduction of neuronal activity by nanofabricated inductors quantified via finite element analysis.
Title: The effects of different cortical impingement scenarios on the biomechanical features of retrograde femoral nails in the management of distal femoral fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of vertebral wedge deformity in elderly women with quantitative CT-based finite element analysis.
Title: Enhancing biomedical data validity with standardized segmentation finite element analysis.
Title: A Parameter Sensitivity Analysis on Multiple Finite Element Knee Joint Models.
Title: A comparative Study of Novel Extramedullary Fixation and Dynamic Hip Screw in the Fixation of Intertrochanteric Fracture: A Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of endodontically treated premolars restored with different endocrown designs: Finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of shank and ankle with different boot collar heights in parachuting landing on inversion ground surface.
Title: Modelling Entropy in Magnetized Flow of Eyring-Powell Nanofluid through Nonlinear Stretching Surface with Chemical Reaction: A Finite Element Method Approach.
Title: Design for Additive Manufacturing and Investigation of Surface-Based Lattice Structures for Buckling Properties Using Experimental and Finite Element Methods.
Title: An Accuracy Comparison of Micromechanics Models of Particulate Composites against Microstructure-Free Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Evaluation and Prediction of the Bending Behavior of Circular Hollow Steel Tube Sections Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Can Finite Element Method Obtain SVET Current Densities Closer to True Localized Corrosion Rates?
Title: [Structural Design and Finite Element Analysis of New Type Posterior Integral Glaucoma Valve].
Title: [Study on the Fixation Effect of Plate in the Middle Tibial Fracture Based on Finite Element Analysis].
Title: Determination of muscle strength and function in plesiosaur limbs: finite element structural analyses of 
Title: Nonlinear micro finite element models based on digital volume correlation measurements predict early microdamage in newly formed bone.
Title: New pressure ulcers dressings to alleviate human soft tissues: A finite element study.
Title: Different implant diameters and their effect on stress distribution pattern in 2-implant mandibular overdentures: A 3D finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite element method for estimation of applanation force and to study the influence of intraocular pressure of eye on tonometry.
Title: Fully Three-Dimensional Hemodynamic Characterization of Altered Blood Flow in Bicuspid Aortic Valve Patients With Respect to Aortic Dilatation: A Finite Element Approach.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Stress Distribution in Equicrestal and Sub-crestally Placed, Platform-Switched Morse Taper Dental Implants in D3 Bone: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Optimization of E. Coli Tip-Sonication for High-Yield Cell-Free Extract using Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Finite element study of the impact of pedicle screw density on the biomechanical response of a Lenke 1AN scoliotic curve.
Title: Frequency-based decoupling and finite element model updating in vibration of cable-beam systems.
Title: Effects of assessing the bone remodeling process in biomechanical finite element stability evaluations of dental implants.
Title: Linear B-spline finite element method for the generalized diffusion equation with delay.
Title: A musculoskeletal finite element model of rat knee joint for evaluating cartilage biomechanics during gait.
Title: Biomechanical investigation of intra-articular cage and cantilever technique in the treatment of congenital basilar invagination combined with atlantoaxial dislocation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of the In Situ Screw Implantation Region and Angle on the Stability of Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion: A Finite Element Study.
Title: A finite element model of the shoulder: application to the changes of biomechanical environment induced by postoperative malrotation of humeral shaft fracture.
Title: Finite element analysis for ternary hybrid nanoparticles on thermal enhancement in pseudo-plastic liquid through porous stretching sheet.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Pulmonary Mechanics in Severe Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome: Explaining the Inclination Angle?
Title: Ray tracing and finite element modeling of sound propagation in a compartment fire.
Title: Numerical simulation of wave propagation through interfaces using the extended finite element method for magnetic resonance elastography.
Title: Finite element model of mechanical imaging of the breast.
Title: Impact of Femoral Neck Cortical Bone Defect Induced by Core Decompression on Postoperative Stability: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Evaluation of PEEK and zirconia occlusal rest designs for removable partial dentures based on finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of locking plates for fixation of metacarpal shaft fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Does pulp cavity affect the center of resistance in three-dimensional tooth model? A finite element method study.
Title: Biomechanical effects of cross-pin's diameter in reconstruction of anterior cruciate ligament - A specific case study via finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of three popular tibial designs for TAR with different implant-bone interfacial conditions and bone qualities: A finite element study.
Title: Modulation of internal tissue stresses of the knee via control of variable-stiffness properties in a 3D-printed footwear: A combined experimental and finite element analysis.
Title: Reinforcement learning coupled with finite element modeling for facial motion learning.
Title: Experimental and numerical study on micro-blasting process of 3A dental implant titanium alloy: A comparison between finite element method and smoothed particle hydrodynamics.
Title: Adjacent segments biomechanics following lumbar fusion surgery: a musculoskeletal finite element model study.
Title: Analysis of Thermoelastic Interaction in a Polymeric Orthotropic Medium Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Simulation and Modeling of Optical Properties of U, Th, Pb, and Co Nanoparticles of Interest to Nuclear Security Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Simplifications and Simulation Reliability in Single Point Incremental Forming.
Title: A Finite Element Stress Analysis of a Concical Triangular Connection in Implants: A New Proposal.
Title: The Uncertainty Propagation for Carbon Atomic Interactions in Graphene under Resonant Vibration Based on Stochastic Finite Element Model.
Title: Design of a Practical Metal-Made Cold Isostatic Pressing (CIP) Chamber Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Numerical Analysis and Comparison of Three Iterative Methods Based on Finite Element for the 2D/3D Stationary Micropolar Fluid Equations.
Title: Optimal Convergence Analysis of Two-Level Nonconforming Finite Element Iterative Methods for 2D/3D MHD Equations.
Title: The effect of talus osteochondral defects of different area size on ankle joint stability: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the influence of porosity and pore geometry on mechanical properties of orthopaedic scaffolds.
Title: Medial meniscus extrusion and varus tilt of joint line convergence angle increase stress in the medial compartment of the knee joint in the knee extension position -finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of Implant Tilting and Length on the Biomechanics of Single-Tooth Restoration: A Finite Element Analysis in Atrophic Mandible.
Title: Review of Biomechanical Studies and Finite Element Modeling of Sternal Closure Using Bio-Active Adhesives.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Cornea and Lid Wiper during Blink, with and without Contact Lens.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of combined proximal tibial osteotomy for varus knee osteoarthritis implanted novel designed plate system: Finite element analysis.
Title: Role of the proximal tibiofibular joint on the biomechanics of the knee joint: A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Orientation-dependent micromechanical behavior of nacre: In situ TEM experiments and finite element simulations.
Title: Comparison of the Susceptibility to Implant Failure in the Lateral, Posterior, and Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: UT-Heart: A Finite Element Model Designed for the Multiscale and Multiphysics Integration of our Knowledge on the Human Heart.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Stress Distribution Associated With Different Implant Designs for Different Bone Densities.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of a Novel Fusion Strategy in Minimally Invasive Transforaminal Lumbar Interbody Fusion.
Title: A Comparative Study on the Multiscale Mechanical Responses of Human Femoral Neck Between the Young and the Elderly Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Seven Fixation Methods for Sagittal Split Ramus Osteotomy with Four Advancement Levels by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Stresses induced by one piece and two piece dental implants in All-on-4® implant supported prosthesis under simulated lateral occlusal loading: non linear finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite element modeling of α-helices and tropocollagen molecules referring to spike of SARS-CoV-2.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the effect of alveolar cleft bone graft on the maxillofacial biomechanical stabilities of unilateral complete cleft lip and palate.
Title: Sediment Prediction in the Great Barrier Reef using Vision Transformer with finite element analysis.
Title: Predicting the biomechanical stability of IOLs inside the postcataract capsular bag with a finite element model.
Title: Comparative Analysis of Mine Shaft Hoisting Systems' Brake Temperature Using Finite Element Analysis (FEA).
Title: Simulation of Lanthanum Purification Using a Finite Element Method.
Title: Biomechanical Efficacy and Effectiveness of Orthodontic Treatment with Transparent Aligners in Mild Crowding Dentition-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Evaluation of the Equivalent Mechanical Properties of Lattice Structures Based on the Finite Element Method.
Title: Sacral Prosthesis Substitution as a System of Spinopelvic Reconstruction After Total Sacrectomy: Assessment Using the Finite Element Method.
Title: Unified validation of a refined second-generation HR-pQCT based homogenized finite element method to predict strength of the distal segments in radius and tibia.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of different prosthetic materials and posterior implant angles in all-on-4 treatment concept by three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of 3D-printed personalized titanium plates for mandibular angle fracture.
Title: Superiorly and transversely orienting the bicortical suspension device provides optimal anterolateral stability to the proximal tibiofibular joint: a finite-element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of micro-implants containing threads in different bone types.
Title: Malalignment of the total ankle replacement increases peak contact stresses on the bone-implant interface: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of anterior cruciate ligament surgical reconstruction through finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of 3-Level Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion Under Physiologic Loads Using a Finite Element Model.
Title: Quantification of the heterogeneous effect of static and dynamic perivascular structures on patient-specific local aortic wall mechanics using inverse finite element modeling and DENSE MRI.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element study on combined proximal and distal knee extension rearrangement for recurrent patellar dislocation].
Title: How do implant threads and diameters affect the all-on-four success? A 3D finite element analysis study.
Title: Postoperative stability following a triple pelvic osteotomy is affected by implant configuration: a finite element analysis.
Title: Changes in hip joint contact stress during a gait cycle based on the individualized modeling method of "gait-musculoskeletal system-finite element".
Title: Biomechanical study of oblique lumbar interbody fusion (OLIF) augmented with different types of instrumentation: a finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of the short-term curative effect of closed reduction in the treatment of developmental dysplasia of the hip based on three-dimensional magnetic resonance imaging finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Debonding Failures in FRP-Strengthened Concrete Beams Using Cohesive Zone Model.
Title: Experiments and Finite Element Simulations of Composite Laminates Following Low Velocity On-Edge Impact Damage.
Title: Influence of Cross-Section and Pitch on the Mechanical Response of NiTi Endodontic Files under Bending and Torsional Conditions-A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: How does prestrain in the tympanic membrane affect middle-ear function? A finite-element model study in rabbit.
Title: Analysis and validation of a 3D finite element model for human forearm fracture.
Title: PIMesh: An automatic point cloud and unstructured mesh generation algorithm for meshless methods and finite element analysis-with applications in surgical simulations.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of subaxial lateral mass prothesis: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Polyether ether ketone - As an alternative biomaterial for Metal Richmond crown-3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of Stress Acting on Abutment, Bone, and Connector of Different Designs of Acid-Etched Resin-Bonded Fixed Partial Dentures: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Author Correction: Dynamic finite-element simulations reveal early origin of complex human birth pattern.
Title: Patient-specific pre-operative simulation of the surgically assisted rapid maxillary expansion using finite element method and Latin hypercube sampling: workflow and first clinical results.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Different Framework Design, Framework Material and Bone Density in the Edentulous Mandible With Fixed Implant-Supported Prostheses: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Study.
Title: Investigation of the biomechanical stability of Cfr-PEEK in the treatment of mandibular angulus fractures by finite element analysis.
Title: Analysis on synergistic cocontraction of extrinsic finger flexors and extensors during flexion movements: A finite element digital human hand model.
Title: Evaluation of biomechanics using different traction devices in distalization of maxillary molar with clear aligners: a finite element study.
Title: Experimental validation of a voxel-based finite element model simulating femoroplasty of lytic lesions in the proximal femur.
Title: Finite element analysis of femoral component sagittal alignment in mobile-bearing total knee arthroplasty.
Title: Factors Associated With Abnormal Joint Contact Pressure After Periacetabular Osteotomy: A Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: [Finite element analysis method and optimization of flexible ginger moxibustion based on Abaqus and Taguchi method].
Title: [Evaluation of brain injury caused by stick type blunt instruments based on convolutional neural network and finite element method].
Title: The effects of pre-stressed rods contoured by different bending techniques on posterior instrumentation of L4-L5 lumbar spine segment: A finite element study.
Title: A Finite Element Model of Cerebral Vascular Injury for Predicting Microbleeds Location.
Title: Soft Tissue Injury in Cervical Spine Is a Risk Factor for Intersegmental Instability: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A credible homogenized finite element model to predict radius fracture in the case of a forward fall.
Title: Development of a finite element-based model for the thermal assessment of transtibial prosthetic liners.
Title: In Silico Finite Element Analysis of Implant-Supported CAD-CAM Resin Composite Crowns.
Title: Investigation of traffic accidents involving seated pedestrians using a finite element simulation-based approach.
Title: Effect of Different Customized Abutment Types on Stress Distribution in Implant-Supported Single Crown: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A finite element study on femoral locking compression plate design using genetic optimization method.
Title: How to Optimize Pedicle Screw Parameters for the Thoracic Spine? A Biomechanical and Finite Element Method Study.
Title: Determine Corneal Biomechanical Parameters by Finite Element Simulation and Parametric Analysis Based on ORA Measurements.
Title: Biomechanical effect of anatomical tibial component design on load distribution of medial proximal tibial bone in total knee arthroplasty : finite element analysis indicating anatomical design prevents stress-shielding.
Title: A finite element study of a fractured tibia treated with a unilateral external fixator: The effects of the number of pins and cortical thickness.
Title: Resonance frequency analysis for evaluation of the connecting condition between fixed prostheses and their abutment teeth: An in vitro and finite element analysis study.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of all-polyethylene total knee arthroplasty on periprosthetic tibia using the finite element method.
Title: Stress distribution and microgap formation in angulated zirconia abutments with a titanium base in narrow diameter implants: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Minimum residual root dentin thickness of mandibular premolars restored with a post: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Varus malalignment of the lower limb increases the risk of femoral neck fracture: A biomechanical study using a finite element method.
Title: The influence of isolated femur and tibia rotations on patellar tendon stress: A sensitivity analysis using finite element analysis.
Title: Computer 3D modeling of radiofrequency ablation of atypical cartilaginous tumours in long bones using finite element methods and real patient anatomy.
Title: Effects of Laser 
Title: Skull modulated strategies to intensify tumor treating fields on brain tumor: a finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis on mechanical state on the osteoclasts under gradient fluid shear stress.
Title: Crack propagation in articular cartilage under cyclic loading using cohesive finite element modeling.
Title: Interactive Effects of Five Dental Implant Design Parameters on the Peak Strains at the Interfacial Bone: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Bone quality effect on short implants in the edentulous mandible: a finite element study.
Title: Modeling of the PHEMA-gelatin scaffold enriched with graphene oxide utilizing finite element method for bone tissue engineering.
Title: Development of a Finite Element Model of the Pediatric Thoracic and Lumbar Spine, Ribcage, and Pelvis With Orthotropic Region-Specific Vertebral Growth.
Title: A 3D finite element model to study the cavitation induced stresses on blood-vessel wall during the ultrasound-only phase of photo-mediated ultrasound therapy.
Title: Influence of double rods and interbody cages on range of motion and rod stress after spinopelvic instrumentation: a finite element study.
Title: A comparative study of different tissue materials for bioprosthetic aortic valves using experimental assays and finite element analysis.
Title: Numerical Analysis and Comparison of Four Stabilized Finite Element Methods for the Steady Micropolar Equations.
Title: Fatigue Crack Growth Analysis under Constant Amplitude Loading Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite-Element Analysis of High-Strength Steel Extended End-Plate Connections under Cyclic Loading.
Title: Incremental Element Deletion-Based Finite Element Analysis of the Effects of Impact Speeds, Fall Postures, and Cortical Thicknesses on Femur Fracture.
Title: Mixed Finite Element Formulation for Navier-Stokes Equations for Magnetic Effects on Biomagnetic Fluid in a Rectangular Channel.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Rubberized Concrete Interlocking Masonry under Vertical Loading.
Title: Belly Fat Forces on the Spine: Finite Element Analysis of Belly Fat Forces by Waist Circumference.
Title: Multidimensional Information Network Big Data Mining Algorithm Relying on Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of coronal fracture angle on the stability of screw fixation in medial malleolar fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: Patient-specific finite element analysis of heart failure and the impact of surgical intervention in pulmonary hypertension secondary to mitral valve disease.
Title: Finite element analysis of human lumbar vertebrae in internal fixation system model with different bone density trajectories.
Title: Dynamic finite-element simulations reveal early origin of complex human birth pattern.
Title: Finite element modeling with subject-specific mechanical properties to assess knee osteoarthritis initiation and progression.
Title: Development and Validation of a Whole Human Body Finite Element Model with Detailed Lumbar Spine.
Title: Self-Training Strategy Based on Finite Element Method for Adaptive Bioluminescence Tomography Reconstruction.
Title: An accurate, robust, and efficient finite element framework with applications to anisotropic, nearly and fully incompressible elasticity.
Title: Establishment and validation of a T12-L2 3D finite element model for thoracolumbar segments.
Title: Simulation of the 3D Hyperelastic Behavior of Ventricular Myocardium using a Finite-Element Based Neural-Network Approach.
Title: Long-term Evaluation Using Finite Element Analysis of Bone Atrophy Changes after Locking Plate Fixation of Forearm Diaphyseal Fracture.
Title: Finite element analysis of a hybrid corrugated hip implant for stability and loading during gait phases.
Title: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis Model of SAW Torque Sensor with Multilayer Structure.
Title: Acoustic Emission Source Location Using Finite Element Generated Delta-T Mapping.
Title: Correction: Zhang, H.; Ling, Z. Finite Element Modeling on Shear Performance of Grouted Stud Connectors for Steel-Timber Composite Beams. 
Title: Combining the Finite Element Analysis and Kriging Model for Study on Laser Surface Hardening Parameters of Pitch Bearing Raceway.
Title: In Silico Finite Element Modeling of Stress Distribution in Osteosynthesis after Pertrochanteric Fractures.
Title: The Effect of Varying Occlusal Loading Conditions on Stress Distribution in Roots of Sound and Instrumented Molar Teeth: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Development and Validation of a New Anisotropic Visco-Hyperelastic Human Head Finite Element Model Capable of Predicting Multiple Brain Injuries.
Title: Finite Element-Based Personalized Simulation of Duodenal Hydrogel Spacer: Spacer Location Dependent Duodenal Sparing and a Decision Support System for Spacer-Enabled Pancreatic Cancer Radiation Therapy.
Title: Comparison Between Conventional Titanium Miniplates and Indigenous Detachable Custom made 3D Titanium Plates (VAS 3D Bone Plate) for Fixation of Mandibular Fracture in Mental Foramen Region: A Randomized Clinical Trial and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A three-dimensional finite element analysis of stress distribution in maxillary central incisor with a horizontal mid root fracture after various management protocols.
Title: Effect of pulpal floor perforation repair on biomechanical response of mandibular molar: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Behavior and Life Span of Maxillary Molar According to the Access Preparation and Pericervical Dentin Preservation: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Analysis of stress and stabilization in adolescent with osteoporotic idiopathic scoliosis: finite element method.
Title: Comparison of novel stabilisation device with various stabilisation approaches: A finite element based biomechanical analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Investigation of the Posterior Pedicle Screw Fixation System at Level L4-L5 Lumbar Segment with Traditional and Cortical Trajectories: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Biomechanical Comparison of Krackow Repair and Percutaneous Achilles Repair System for Achilles Tendon Rupture Fixation: A Cadaveric and Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Glucose Diffusivity in Cellulose Nanofibril Peripheral Nerve Conduits.
Title: A finite element study on the effects of follower load on the continuous biomechanical responses of subaxial cervical spine.
Title: Biomechanical Assessment of Tilted Mandibular Second Molars with Full-Crown Adjacent to Implant-Supported Restoration: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of Number and Location on Stress Distribution of Mini Dental Implant-Assisted Mandibular Kennedy Class I Removable Partial Denture: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Study on Three Screw-Based Atlantoaxial Fixation Techniques: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of anterior fixed partial denture supported by implants with different materials.
Title: A finite element analysis study based on valgus impacted femoral neck fracture under diverse stances.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Intervertebral Fusion Process After Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Fracture risk assessment and evaluation of femoroplasty in metastatic proximal femurs. An in vivo CT-based finite element study.
Title: A finite element model to predict the double hearing protector effect on an in-house acoustic test fixture.
Title: Letter to the Editor Regarding "Stability Evaluation of Oblique Lumbar Interbody Fusion Constructs with Various Fixation Options: A Finite Element Analysis Based on 3-Dimensional Scanning Models".
Title: Analysis of relationship between loading condition and cranial cracking pattern using a three-dimensional finite element model.
Title: Traction therapy in lumbar disc hernias: A finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Spinal Cord Stress in a Single Segment Cervical Spondylotic Myelopathy.
Title: Different Design Feature Combinations of Flatfoot Orthosis on Plantar Fascia Strain and Plantar Pressure: A Muscle-Driven Finite Element Analysis With Taguchi Method.
Title: Triangular support intramedullary nail: A new internal fixation innovation for treating intertrochanteric fracture and its finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison of stress distribution between zirconia/alloy endocrown and CAD/CAM multi-piece zirconia post-crown: three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: A comparative study of bone remodeling around hydroxyapatite-coated and novel radial functionally graded dental implants using finite element simulation.
Title: Asymptomatic foot and ankle structural injuries: a 3D imaging and finite element analysis of elite fencers.
Title: Sequential damage assessment of the posterolateral complex of the knee joint: a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of seven fixation methods to treat pubic symphysis diastasis using finite element analysis.
Title: Establishment of a finite element model and stress analysis of intra-articular impacted fragments in posterior malleolar fractures.
Title: Bone tunnel placement influences shear stresses at the coracoid process after coracoclavicular ligament reconstruction: a finite element study and radiological analysis.
Title: Comparative modal analysis on fishing rod made of functionally graded composite material using finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical behaviour of implant prostheses and adjacent teeth according to bone quality: A finite element analysis.
Title: The Use of Customized Three-Dimensionally Printed Mandible Prostheses with a Pressure-Reducing Device: A Finite Element Analysis in Different Chewing Positions, Biomechanical Testing, and In Vivo Animal Study Using Lanyu Pigs.
Title: Modeling calcium dynamics in neurons with endoplasmic reticulum: existence, uniqueness and an implicit-explicit finite element scheme.
Title: Design of an aortic polymeric valve with asymmetric leaflets and evaluation of its performance by finite element method.
Title: Sensitivity-Bandwidth Optimization of PMUT with Acoustical Matching Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Modeling in Pharmaceutical Tableting.
Title: The impact of ligament tears on joint contact mechanics in progressive collapsing foot deformity: A finite element study.
Title: Correction to: Rapid X-Ray-Based 3-D Finite Element Modeling of Medial Knee Joint Cartilage Biomechanics During Walking.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Ballistic Impact on Auxetic Sandwich Composite Human Body Armor.
Title: Comparative study on the influence of anterior and posterior scars of hard palate on maxillary growth after cleft palate surgery: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical effect of metal augment and bone graft on cup stability for acetabular reconstruction of total hip arthroplasty in hip dysplasia: a finite element analysis.
Title: Clinical Outcome and Fracture Risk Prediction of Benign Bone Tumors on the Acetabular Dome: 7-Year Clinical Experience and a Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A finite element method framework to model extracellular neural stimulation.
Title: Finite element analysis of trabecular bone microstructure using CT imaging and continuum mechanical modeling.
Title: Development and Clinical Validation of a Finite Element Method Model Mapping Focal Intracranial Cooling.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Quantitative Ultrasound Analysis of the Surgical Margin of Breast Tumor.
Title: Multidirectional basketball activities load different regions of the tibia: A subject-specific muscle-driven finite element study.
Title: Workflow assessing the effect of Achilles tendon rupture on gait function and metatarsal stress: Combined musculoskeletal modeling and finite element analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution Pattern in Mini Dental Implant-Assisted RPD with Different Clasp Designs: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Simulation of the electrical stimulation of the rat brain using sleep frequencies: A finite element modeling approach.
Title: Finite element analysis to predict short and medium-term performance of the anatomical Comprehensive® Total Shoulder System.
Title: The finite element method-based pattern recognition approach for the classification of patient-specific gunshot injury.
Title: The effect of variations in CT scan protocol on femoral finite element failure load assessment using phantomless calibration.
Title: Application of a lateral intertubercular sulcus plate in the treatment of proximal humeral fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: On the Lagrangian-Eulerian Coupling in the Immersed Finite Element/Difference Method.
Title: Role of the Anterior Center-Edge Angle on Acetabular Stress Distribution in Borderline Development Dysplastic of Hip Determined by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Models of Osteocytes and Their Load-Induced Activation.
Title: A high precision finite-element forward solver for surface nuclear magnetic resonance incorporating conductivity changes and surface-topography variations.
Title: The Effect of Apical Vertebra Position on Growing Rod Treatment: A Clinical and Finite Element Study.
Title: Annulus Calibration Increases the Computational Accuracy of the Lumbar Finite Element Model.
Title: Finite element simulation and optimization of mechanical performance of the magnesium-alloy biliary stent.
Title: Canine guidance reconstruction with ceramic or composite resin: A 3D finite element analysis and in vitro wear study.
Title: Toward Tailored Rehabilitation by Implementation of a Novel Musculoskeletal Finite Element Analysis Pipeline.
Title: Letter to the editor regarding "Finite element analysis of subtalar joint arthroereisis on adult-acquired flexible flatfoot deformity using customised sinus tarsi implant".
Title: Finite element modeling of the breakage behavior of agricultural biomass pellets under different heights during handling and storage.
Title: Optimal configuration of a three-rod ortho-bridge system in the treatment of Vancouver type B1 periprosthetic femoral fractures: A finite element analysis.
Title: [Design of non-metallic crown for primary molars and analyzation of stress distribution: a finite element study].
Title: The Influence of Different Occlusal Loading on Six Restorative Materials for Restoration of Abfraction Lesions-Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Correction to: Biomechanical efficacy of four different dual screws fixations in treatment of talus neck fracture: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Application of Finite Element Analysis Combined With Virtual Computer in Preoperative Planning of Distal Femoral Fracture.
Title: Comparison of two internal fixation systems in lumbar spondylolysis by finite element methods.
Title: Additively Manufactured Composite Lug with Continuous Carbon Fibre Steering Based on Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Silver Nanorods, Spheres, Ellipsoids and Core-Shell Structures for Hyperthermia Treatment of Cancer.
Title: Nonlinear Finite Element Analysis of γ-Graphyne Structures under Shearing.
Title: Optimal Design and Biomechanical Analysis of a Biomimetic Lightweight Design Plate for Distal Tibial Fractures: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Femoral-Acetabular Impingement (FAI) Based on Three-Dimensional Reconstruction.
Title: Evaluation of stress distribution of porous tantalum and solid titanium implant-assisted overdenture in the mandible: A finite element study.
Title: Rapid X-Ray-Based 3-D Finite Element Modeling of Medial Knee Joint Cartilage Biomechanics During Walking.
Title: Effect of the additional anteroposterior blocking screw on nail/medullary canal mismatch after cephalomedullary nailing in unstable pertrochanteric fracture : a finite element analysis.
Title: Exploring the mechanical and morphological rationality of tree branch structure based on 3D point cloud analysis and the finite element method.
Title: Evaluation of bone strength using finite-element analysis in patients with ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Optimal Positioning of Femoral Osteotomy in Total Hip Arthroplasty With Subtrochanteric Shortening.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Unilateral versus Bipedicular Bone-Filling Mesh Container for the Management of Osteoporotic Compression Fractures.
Title: Corrigendum: Comparative Analysis of the Biomechanics Characteristics After Different Minimally Invasive Surgeries for Cervical Spondylopathy: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Fracture resistance of CAD/CAM restorative materials in mismatched removable partial denture rests: An in vitro experimental and finite element analysis.
Title: Probabilistic finite element analysis of fatigue life of additively manufactured clasp.
Title: Finite element analysis of maxillary first molar with a 4-wall defect and 1.5-mm-high ferrule restored with fiber-reinforced composite resin posts and resin core: The number and placement of the posts.
Title: [Establishment and stress analysis of a finite element model of a marathon runner's hip joint based on material properties given by CT gray value].
Title: A multiscale finite element investigation on the role of intra- and extra-fibrillar mineralisation on the elastic properties of bone tissue.
Title: Finite element analysis of stress distribution in autotransplanted molars.
Title: Oblique lateral interbody fusion combined with different internal fixations for the treatment of degenerative lumbar spine disease: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element method for the design of implants for temporal hollowing.
Title: An EMG-Assisted Muscle-Force Driven Finite Element Analysis Pipeline to Investigate Joint- and Tissue-Level Mechanical Responses in Functional Activities: Towards a Rapid Assessment Toolbox.
Title: The evaluation of artificial talus implant on ankle joint contact characteristics: a finite element study based on four subjects.
Title: A Finite Element-Based Analysis of a Hemodynamics Efficient Flow Stent Suitable for Different Abdominal Aneurysm Shapes.
Title: Author Correction: Sealing mechanism study of laryngeal mask airways via 3D modelling and finite element analysis.
Title: Functional comparison of pacifiers using finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of vertebral augmentation and cement discoplasty for the treatment of symptomatic Schmorl's node: a finite element analysis.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of Different Connector Designs for All-Ceramic Implant-Supported Fixed Dental Prostheses.
Title: Evaluating Ciliary Body Damage Induced by Blunt Low Speed Impact Using Finite Element Simulation.
Title: Lumbar Disc Degeneration Affects the Risk of Rod Fracture Following PSO; A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite-element and semi-analytical study of elastic wave propagation in strongly scattering polycrystals.
Title: The effects of aligner overtreatment on torque control and intrusion of incisors for anterior retraction with clear aligners: A finite-element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of different medial fixation strategies in double-plate osteosynthesis for AO type 33-C2 Femoral fractures.
Title: Changes in subchondral bone structure and mechanical properties do not substantially affect cartilage mechanical responses - A finite element study.
Title: Mechanical Influence of Pubic Nonunion on the Stress Distribution After Curved Periacetabular Osteotomy: Patient-Specific Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of different endodontic access preparations on the biomechanical behavior of lithium disilicate and resin nanoceramic onlay restorations: An in vitro and 3D finite element analysis study.
Title: Investigating the Effects of Different Sizes of Silicone Rubber Vacuum Extractors during the Course of Delivery on the Fetal Head: A Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Polarization Test of IDEs Piezoelectric Actuator.
Title: Evaluation of the Performance of a Composite Profile at Elevated Temperatures Using Finite Element and Hybrid Artificial Intelligence Techniques.
Title: Effects of Growing Rod Technique with Different Surgical Modes and Growth Phases on the Treatment Outcome of Early Onset Scoliosis: A 3-D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Iterative Methods for the Stationary Double-Diffusive Natural Convection Model.
Title: Finite Element Analysis Could Predict and Prevent a Pathological Femoral Shaft Fracture after En Bloc Resection of a Large Osteoid Osteoma.
Title: Multiscale approach incorporating tropocollagen scale to assess the effect of molecular age-related modifications on elastic constants of cortical bone based on finite element and homogenization methods.
Title: Effects of Location and Volume of Intraosseous Cement on Adjacent Level of Osteoporotic Spine Undergoing Kyphoplasty: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Predicting the Effect of Localized ACL Damage on Neighbor Ligament Mechanics via Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Effect of 125-150 Hz Vibrational Frequency Electric Toothbrush on Teeth and Supporting Structures: A Finite Element Method Study.
Title: Finite element analysis between Hunsuck/Epker and novel modification of Low Z plasty technique of mandibular sagittal split osteotomy.
Title: [Establishment of finite element model of anterior cervical transpedicular system for reconstruction of cervical stability after subtotal resection of two segments of lower cervical spine].
Title: Sealing mechanism study of laryngeal mask airways via 3D modelling and finite element analysis.
Title: Fracture Resistance and Stress Distribution Pattern of Different Posts-Core Systems in Immature Teeth: An In Vitro Study and 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Determinants of fracture type in the proximal femur: Biomechanical study of fresh frozen cadavers and finite element models.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Transhumeral and Transtibial Percutaneous Osseointegrated Endoprosthesis Implantation.
Title: Comparison of zygoma plates and infrazygomatic crest miniscrews used open bite treatment: A 3-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Effect of Dynamic Plating on Two-Level Anterior Cervical Discectomy Fusion Biomechanics.
Title: How to reconstruct the lordosis of cervical spine in patients with Hirayama disease? A finite element analysis of biomechanical changes focusing on adjacent segments after anterior cervical discectomy and fusion.
Title: Mechanical effects of surgical variations in the femoral neck system on Pauwels type III femoral neck fracture : a finite element analysis.
Title: [Finite element analyses of retention of removable partial denture circumferential clasps manufactured by selective laser melting].
Title: Three-dimensional comparison of the effects of sliding mechanics in labial and lingual orthodontics using the finite element method.
Title: Finite Element Modeling on Shear Performance of Grouted Stud Connectors for Steel-Timber Composite Beams.
Title: Special Issue of Materials focusing on "Finite Element Analysis and Models of Sustainable Manufacturing Processes".
Title: 3D Finite Element Analysis of a Concrete Dam Behavior under Changing Hydrostatic Load: A Case Study.
Title: Finite element analysis in brace treatment on adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Title: Displacement and stress distribution of mandibular incisors after orthodontic treatment in the presence of alveolar bone loss under occlusal loads: A finite element analysis.
Title: A comparative finite element analysis of artificial intervertebral disc replacement and pedicle screw fixation of the lumbar spine.
Title: Condyle bone destruction: the association between temporomandibular joint vibration and finite element analysis.
Title: Reporting guidelines for in-silico studies using finite element analysis in medicine (RIFEM).
Title: Investigation of thermal performance of Maxwell hybrid nanofluid boundary value problem in vertical porous surface via finite element approach.
Title: Biomechanical finite element analysis of short-implant-supported, 3-unit, fixed CAD/CAM prostheses in the posterior mandible.
Title: Finite element analysis of new headless compression supporting screw for the treatment of unstable femoral neck fracture.
Title: Fracture resistance of Ceramic-Polymer hybrid materials using microscopic finite element analysis and experimental validation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of a New Type of Spinal Protection Device for the Prevention and Treatment of Osteoporotic Vertebral Compression Fractures.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Planus and Rectus Foot Types for the Study of First Metatarsophalangeal and First Metatarsocuneiform Joint Contact Mechanics.
Title: Heat flow saturate of Ag/MgO-water hybrid nanofluid in heated trigonal enclosure with rotate cylindrical cavity by using Galerkin finite element.
Title: Effect of archwire plane and archwire size on anterior teeth movement in sliding mechanics in customized labial orthodontics: a 3D finite element study.
Title: Cardiac electro-mechanical activity in a deforming human cardiac tissue: modeling, existence-uniqueness, finite element computation and application to multiple ischemic disease.
Title: Biomechanical Finite Element Method Model of the Proximal Carpal Row and Experimental Validation.
Title: Biomechanics of extreme lateral interbody fusion with different internal fixation methods: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of fall direction on the lower hip fracture risk in athletes with different loading histories: A finite element modeling study in multiple sideways fall configurations.
Title: Effect of osteoporosis-related reduction in the mechanical properties of bone on the acetabular fracture during a sideways fall: A parametric finite element approach.
Title: Treatment of C1.1 (AO-41) tibial plateau fracture: A finite element analysis of single medial, lateral and dual plating.
Title: A Bayesian finite-element trained machine learning approach for predicting post-burn contraction.
Title: Discectomy decreases facet joint distance and increases the instability of the spine: A finite element study.
Title: Anteroinferior bundle of the acromioclavicular ligament plays a substantial role in the joint function during shoulder elevation and horizontal adduction: a finite element model.
Title: Does Cage Position Affect the Risk of Cage Subsidence After Oblique Lumbar Interbody Fusion in the Osteoporotic Lumbar Spine: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Influence of margin design and restorative material on the stress distribution of endocrowns: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: The effect of the fibrocalcific pathological process on aortic valve stenosis in female patients: a finite element study.
Title: A wave finite element approach for modelling wave transmission through laminated plate junctions.
Title: Correction to: Fracture Prediction by Computed Tomography and Finite Element Analysis: Current and Future Perspectives.
Title: Association of atypical femoral fracture location and lower limb mechanical axis: a computed tomography-based finite element analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Mesh Regrouping Strategy-Based Hybrid Light Transport Model for Enhancing the Efficiency and Accuracy of XLCT.
Title: Boger nanofluid: significance of Coriolis and Lorentz forces on dynamics of rotating fluid subject to suction/injection via finite element simulation.
Title: Greater Trochanteric Fracture with Lesser Trochanter Extension: A Report of 2 Cases and CT-Based Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Application of the lambda plate on condylar fractures: Finite element evaluation of the fixation rigidity for different fracture patterns and plate placements.
Title: Finite element analysis and nanomechanical properties of composite and ceramic dental onlays.
Title: Modeling attachment and compressive loading of locking and non-locking plate fixation: a finite element investigation of a supracondylar femur fracture model.
Title: Comparative Functional Morphology of Human and Chimpanzee Feet Based on Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Prediction on Fracture Load of Femur with Osteogenesis Imperfecta under Various Loading Conditions.
Title: Study and numerical analysis of Von Mises stress of a new tumor-type distal femoral prosthesis comprising a peek composite reinforced with carbon fibers: finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the Union Plate in treating elderly acetabular fracture patients.
Title: MRI-based mechanical competence assessment of bone using micro finite element analysis (micro-FEA): Review.
Title: Modeling the effect of temperature on solid-phase microextraction of volatile organic compounds from air by polydimethylsiloxane coating using finite element analysis.
Title: Stress and strain patterns of 2-implant mandibular overdentures with different positions and angulations of implants: A 3D finite element analysis study.
Title: A finite element analysis and cyclic load experiment on an additional transcortical-type hole formed around the proximal femoral nail system's distal locking screw.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Restored Principal Abutment in Free-End Saddle Partial Denture.
Title: A Review of Finite Element Models of Ligaments in the Foot and Considerations for Practical Application.
Title: Torque- and Muscle-Driven Flexion Induce Disparate Risks of In Vitro Herniation: A Multiscale and Multiphasic Structure-Based Finite Element Study.
Title: Three-Dimensional Biomechanical Finite Element Analysis of Lumbar Disc Herniation in Middle Aged and Elderly.
Title: Biomechanical influence of thread form on stress distribution over short implants (≤6 mm) using finite element analysis.
Title: 
Title: Optimal cuspal coverage of ceramic restorations using CAD/CAM: Biomechanical characteristic analysis by 3D finite element analysis and in vitro investigation.
Title: A three-dimensional finite element model of cAMP signals.
Title: Effects of Revision Rod Position on Spinal Construct Stability in Lumbar Revision Surgery: A Finite Element Study.
Title: A 3-dimensional finite element analysis to evaluate the impact of force direction, insertion angle, and cortical bone thickness on mini-screw and its surrounding bone.
Title: Finite Element Modeling of Magnitude and Location of Brain Micromotion Induced Strain for Intracortical Implants.
Title: Effects of varying attachment positions on palatal displacement of maxillary incisors with clear aligner therapy : A three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Coupled Finite Element-Finite Volume Multi-Physics Analysis of MEMS Electrothermal Actuators.
Title: Effect of Displacement Degree of Distal Chevron Osteotomy on Metatarsal Stress: A Finite Element Method.
Title: Factors Affecting the Severity of Placental Abruption in Pregnant Vehicle Drivers: Analysis with a Novel Finite Element Model.
Title: 3D finite-element modeling of air-cell-based cushions and buttock tissues during prolonged sitting.
Title: Investigation into Cervical Spine Biomechanics Following Single, Multilevel and Hybrid Disc Replacement Surgery with Dynamic Cervical Implant and Fusion: A Finite Element Study.
Title: [Three-Dimensional Nonlinear Finite Element Modeling and Analysis of Concomitant Atlanto-Occipital Fusion and Atlantoaxial Joint Dislocation].
Title: Finite element stress analysis of the bearing component and bone resected surfaces for total ankle replacement with different implant material combinations.
Title: Influence of cyclic loading in NiTi austenitic and R-phase endodontic files from a finite element perspective.
Title: Effects of age-related tympanic-membrane material properties on sound transmission in the middle ear in a three-dimensional finite-element model.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of effect of cusp inclination and occlusal contacts in PFM and PEEK implant-supported crowns on resultant stresses.
Title: Two-versus three-screw osteosynthesis of the mandibular condylar head: A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of the maxillary molar intrusion: A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of an Oblique Lateral Locking Plate System for Oblique Lumbar Interbody Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of coronal plane acetabular correction on joint contact pressure in Periacetabular osteotomy: a finite-element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of rigid and non-rigid connection with implant abutment designs for tooth-implant supported prosthesis: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modeling of the complex anisotropic mechanical behavior of the human sclera and pia mater.
Title: Polyethylene wear of dual mobility cups: a comparative analysis based on patient-specific finite element modeling.
Title: Analysis of Stress Distribution on the Bone around an Implant Placed in the Anterior Maxilla Using Three Different Abutment Angulations by Means of Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of endocrown restorations with different cavity design and CAD-CAM materials under a static and vertical load: A finite element analysis.
Title: Comparison between external locking plate fixation and conventional external fixation for extraarticular proximal tibial fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of a Bionate Ring-Shaped Customized Lumbar Disc Nucleus Prosthesis.
Title: [Mandibular defect reconstruction using digital design-assisted free fibula flap and threedimensional finite element analysis of stress distribution].
Title: [Effect of straight-line minimally invasive access cavity on the mechanical properties of maxillary first premolars: a finite element analysis].
Title: Correction: Răzvan et al. Selective Laser Sintering of PA 2200 for Hip Implant Applications: Finite Element Analysis, Process Optimization, Morphological and Mechanical Characterization. 
Title: Finite Element Simulation of a Crack Growth in the Presence of a Hole in the Vicinity of the Crack Trajectory.
Title: Analysing the Interaction between Microscopic Deformation, Microstructure and Void Evolution of Near-α Titanium Alloys during Non-Superplastic Hot Deformation by an Integrated Crystal Plasticity Finite Element Model.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of mandibular posterior single zirconia and titanium implants: a 3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element simulation of frontal plane adaptation using full-foot, split-toe and cam-linkage designs in prosthetic feet.
Title: Effects of plate contouring quality on the biomechanical performance of high tibial osteotomy fixation: A parametric finite element study.
Title: Mechanical properties of meniscal circumferential fibers using an inverse finite element analysis approach.
Title: Comparison of numerical methods for cerebrospinal fluid representation and fluid-structure interaction during transverse impact of a finite element spinal cord model.
Title: Subject specific finite element modelling of periprosthetic femoral fractures in different load cases.
Title: The Influence of Heel Height on Strain Variation of Plantar Fascia During High Heel Shoes Walking-Combined Musculoskeletal Modeling and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Implant insertion angle and depth: Peri-implant bone stress analysis by the finite element method.
Title: Finite element analysis of infra-acetabular screw fixation for the treatment of acetabular posterior column fracture.
Title: Biomechanical feasibility of semi-rigid stabilization and semi-rigid lumbar interbody fusion: a finite element study.
Title: Cardiac mesh morphing method for finite element modeling of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.
Title: Comparative Analysis of the Biomechanical Characteristics After Different Minimally Invasive Surgeries for Cervical Spondylopathy: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A 3-D Finite-Element Minipig Model to Assess Brain Biomechanical Responses to Blast Exposure.
Title: Effect of sinus proximity, alveolar bone level, and initial buccolingual inclination on behavior of maxillary first molar under expansion force: a finite element analysis.
Title: A new finite element model of intra-articular impacted fragment in posterior malleolar fractures: A technical note.
Title: 3D Microstructure-Based Finite Element Simulation of Cold-Sprayed Al-Al
Title: Stress analysis of total hip arthroplasty with a fully hydroxyapatite-coated stem: comparing thermoelastic stress analysis and CT-based finite element analysis.
Title: Assessment of stress shielding around a dental implant for variation of implant stiffness and parafunctional loading using finite element analysis.
Title: Three-dimensional finite element analysis of a novel interzygapophyseal fusion device for lower cervical spine.
Title: Kinematic analysis of L4-L5 spinal segment with spondylolysis and different types of grade 1 spondylolisthesis: a nonlinear finite element study.
Title: Regional strain response of an anatomically accurate nonhuman primate finite element brain model under frontal impact.
Title: Effect of Bone Remodeling on Dental Implant Fatigue Limit Predicted Using 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: [Finite element analysis of the effect of local posterior sclera collagen cross-linking on eyeball shape].
Title: Determination effect of two different NiTi stents on the vessel wall and studying their flexibility using finite element method.
Title: Shape Optimization of Costal Cartilage Framework Fabrication Based on Finite Element Analysis for Reducing Incidence of Auricular Reconstruction Complications.
Title: Effect of Different Implant-Abutment Mismatches on Stress Distribution: A 3-Dimensional Finite Element Study.
Title: An analysis of the optimal intrusion force of the maxillary central incisor with root horizontal resorption using the finite element method and curve fitting.
Title: Polka dot cementless talar component in enhancing total ankle replacement fixation: A parametric study using the finite element analysis approach.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Glass Fiber-Reinforced Polymer-(GFRP) Reinforced Continuous Concrete Beams.
Title: Elaboration of Design and Optimization Methods for a Newly Developed CFRP Sandwich-like Structure Validated by Experimental Measurements and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Isolated medial column stabilization surgery does not benefit adult acquired flatfoot stage IIa nor IIb by three-dimensional finite element biomechanical analysis.
Title: Analysis of Cerebral Aneurysm Wall Tension and Enhancement Using Finite Element Analysis and High-Resolution Vessel Wall Imaging.
Title: A Comparison of Volume of Tissue Removed and Biomechanical Analysis of Different Access Cavity Designs in 2-rooted Mandibular First Molars: A Multisample 3-dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effects of cervical rotatory manipulation on the cervical spinal cord: a finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of stand-alone lumbar interbody cages versus 360° constructs: an in vitro and finite element investigation.
Title: A Novel Implementation of the LDEM in the Ansys LS-DYNA Finite Element Code.
Title: Transverse Vibration of Viscoelastic Sandwich Structures: Finite Element Modeling and Experimental Study.
Title: Assessment of the Suitability of Elastomeric Bearings Modeling Using the Hyperelasticity and the Finite Element Method.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis of the Effects of Graphene and Carbon Nanotubes on Thermal Conductivity of Co Phase in WC-Co Carbide.
Title: Damage Detection in Flat Panels by Guided Waves Based Artificial Neural Network Trained through Finite Element Method.
Title: Evaluation of Stress Distribution during Insertion of Tapered Dental Implants in Various Osteotomy Techniques: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Study.
Title: The Uniaxial Stress-Strain Relationship of Hyperelastic Material Models of Rubber Cracks in the Platens of Papermaking Machines Based on Nonlinear Strain and Stress Measurements with the Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Iterative Methods for the 3D Steady Navier--Stokes Equations.
Title: Deformation Analysis of the Glass Preform in the Progress of Precision Glass Molding for Fabricating Chalcogenide Glass Diffractive Optics with the Finite Element Method.
Title: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of Displacement and Stress Distributions of Unilateral and Bilateral Cleft Lips by Using Developed Pre-Surgical Treatment Architecture.
Title: Standard Non-Personalized Electric Field Modeling of Twenty Typical tDCS Electrode Configurations via the Computational Finite Element Method: Contributions and Limitations of Two Different Approaches.
Title: Design and finite element analysis of femoral stem prosthesis using functional graded materials.
Title: Comparative biomechanics of the 
Title: Unified one-dimensional finite element for the analysis of hyperelastic soft materials and structures.
Title: The Effect of Implant Length and Diameter on Stress Distribution of Tooth-Implant and Implant Supported Fixed Prostheses: An In Vitro Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Finite Element Comparison of the Spring Distraction System and the Traditional Growing Rod for the Treatment of Early Onset Scoliosis.
Title: Experimental validation of a micro-CT finite element model of a human cadaveric mandible rehabilitated with short-implant-supported partial dentures.
Title: New highlights on effects of rapid palatal expansion on the skull base: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Finite Element Assessment of Bone Fragility from Clinical Images.
Title: Influence of minimally invasive endodontic access cavities and bonding status of resin composites on the mechanical property of endodontically-treated teeth: A finite element study.
Title: Lateral pillar is the key in supporting pre-collapse osteonecrosis of the femoral head: a finite element model analysis of propensity-score matched cohorts.
Title: Sports Injury Modeling of the Anterior Cruciate Ligament Based on the Intelligent Finite Element Algorithm.
Title: The effects of titanium mesh cage size on the biomechanical responses of cervical spine after anterior cervical corpectomy and fusion: A finite element study.
Title: Rehabilitation of severely-destructed endodontically treated premolar teeth with novel endocrown system: Biomechanical behavior assessment through 3D finite element and in vitro analyses.
Title: An 
Title: Finite element analysis of the tibial component alignment in a transverse plane in total knee arthroplasty.
Title: Finite element modeling of shape memory polyurethane foams for treatment of cerebral aneurysms.
Title: Realistic computer modelling of stent retriever thrombectomy: a hybrid finite-element analysis-smoothed particle hydrodynamics model.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Horizontal Screw-Screw Crosslink Used in C1-C2 Pedicle Screw-Rod Fixation.
Title: Steel benchmark frames for structural analysis and validation studies: Finite element models and numerical simulation data.
Title: Characterization of Sustainable Robotic Materials and Finite Element Analysis of Soft Actuators Under Biodegradation.
Title: Evaluation of Stress Generated with Different Abutment Materials and Angulations under Axial and Oblique Loading in the Anterior Maxilla: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Identifying Structure-Property Relationships of Micro-Architectured Porous Scaffolds through 3D Printing and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A Computationally Efficient Lower Limb Finite Element Musculoskeletal Framework Directly Driven Solely by Inertial Measurement Unit Sensors.
Title: Relationship between the elastic modulus of the cage material and the biomechanical properties of transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion: A logarithmic regression analysis based on parametric finite element simulations.
Title: The effect of cement augmentation on pedicle screw fixation under various load cases : results from a combined experimental, micro-CT, and micro-finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element method modeling to confirm the results of comprehensive optimization of the tripolar concentric ring electrode based on its finite dimensions model.
Title: T
Title: Focused ultrasound simulation through cortical bone by finite element method
Title: Evaluation of Mesh and Sensor Resolution for Finite Element Modeling of Non-Invasive Fetal ECG Signals.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of the influence of different implant-abutment joint design on abutment and abutment screw stress].
Title: Finite Element Analysis on Initial Crack Site of Porous Structure Fabricated by Electron Beam Additive Manufacturing.
Title: A Nonlinear Elastic Model for Compressible Aluminum Alloys with Finite Element Implementation.
Title: Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and Finite Element (FEM) Models for GFRP-Reinforced Concrete Columns under Axial Compression.
Title: Fatigue Analysis of NiTi Rotary Endodontic Files through Finite Element Simulation: Effect of Root Canal Geometry on Fatigue Life.
Title: The Use of Digital Twins in Finite Element for the Study of Induction Motors Faults.
Title: Preparation and Finite Element Analysis of Fly Ash/HDPE Composites for Large Diameter Bellows.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Cannulated Screws as Prophylactic Intervention of Hip Fractures.
Title: Development and implementation of a time- and computationally-efficient methodology for reconstructing real-world crashes using finite element modeling to improve crash injury research investigations.
Title: Multicomponent material property characterization of atherosclerotic human carotid arteries through a Bayesian Optimization based inverse finite element approach.
Title: Investigation of the Type of Angled Abutment for Anterior Maxillary Implants: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of Splinting of Tilted External Hexagon Implants on 3-Unit Implant-Supported Prostheses in the Posterior Maxilla: A 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Cement augmentation of the proximal femoral nail antirotation for the treatment of two intertrochanteric fractures - a comparative finite element study.
Title: Experimental DVC validation of heterogeneous micro finite element models applied to subchondral trabecular bone of the humeral head.
Title: Development of a finite element lumbar spine model to predict intervertebral disc herniation risk factors.
Title: Simulation of the objective occlusion effect induced by bone-conducted stimulation using a three-dimensional finite-element model of a human head.
Title: In-vitro tribological study and submodeling finite element technique in analyzing wear of zirconia toughened alumina against alumina with bio-lubricants for hip implants.
Title: Wound contraction under negative pressure therapy measured with digital image correlation and finite-element analysis in tissue phantoms and wound models.
Title: A novel modeling approach for finite element human body models with high computational efficiency and stability: application in pedestrian safety analysis.
Title: Integration of neural architecture within a finite element framework for improved neuromusculoskeletal modeling.
Title: Influence of Resin Cement Thickness and Elastic Modulus on the Stress Distribution of Zirconium Dioxide Inlay-Bridge: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Thin-Walled Cylindrical Shell Storage Tank under Blast Impacts: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Customized Acetabular Implant and Bone after Pelvic Tumour Resection throughout the Gait Cycle.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Investigation into Effects of Implant Thread Design and Loading Rate on Stress Distribution in Dental Implants and Anisotropic Bone.
Title: Novel Design and Finite Element Analysis of Diamond-like Porous Implants with Low Stiffness.
Title: Cold Rolling Texture Prediction Using Finite Element Simulation with Zooming Analysis.
Title: A 1D Model for Predicting Heat and Moisture Transfer through a Hemp-Concrete Wall Using the Finite-Element Method.
Title: Determination of Mechanical and Fracture Properties of Silicon Single Crystal from Indentation Experiments and Finite Element Modelling.
Title: Pushover Tests on Unreinforced Masonry Wallettes Retrofitted with an Innovative Coating: Experimental Study and Finite Element Modelling.
Title: Finite Element Simulation Tests of the Structural Strength of the Molding Module for Burger Production from Vegetable Outgrades.
Title: Biomechanical effects of Teuscher activator in hyperdivergent Class II malocclusion treatment: A finite element analysis.
Title: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis: Maxillary Dentition Distalization with the Aid of Microimplant in Lingual Orthodontics.
Title: The correlation between graphene characteristic parameters and resonant frequencies by Monte Carlo based stochastic finite element model.
Title: Galerkin finite element study for mixed convection (TiO
Title: Sensitivity analysis of the knee ligament forces to the surgical design variation during anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction: a finite element analysis.
Title: Subject-specific biomechanical analysis to estimate locations susceptible to osteoarthritis-Finite element modeling and MRI follow-up of ACL reconstructed patients.
Title: Corrigendum to 'Assessment of the viscoelastic mechanical properties of the porcine optic nerve head using micromechanical testing and finite element modeling' [Acta Biomaterialia 134 (2021) 379-387].
Title: Loosening of Posteromedial Meniscal Root Repairs Affects Knee Mechanics: A Finite Element Study.
Title: Finite element analysis relating shape, material properties, and dimensions of taenioglossan radular teeth with trophic specialisations in Paludomidae (Gastropoda).
Title: Nanoparticles-reinforced poly-l-lactic acid composite materials as bioresorbable scaffold candidates for coronary stents: Insights from mechanical and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element contact stress analysis of the temporomandibular joints of patients with temporomandibular disorders under mastication.
Title: Novel Electrode Placement in Electrical Bioimpedance-Based Stroke Detection: Effects on Current Penetration and Injury Characterization in a Finite Element Model.
Title: MHD darcy-forchheimer nanofluid flow and entropy optimization in an odd-shaped enclosure filled with a (MWCNT-Fe
Title: Displacement and stress distribution of the craniomaxillofacial complex under different surgical conditions: a three-dimensional finite element analysis of fracture mechanics.
Title: Reinforcement strategy for medial open-wedge high tibial osteotomy: a finite element evaluation of the additional opposite screw technique and bone grafts.
Title: Stability Evaluation of Different Oblique Lumbar Interbody Fusion Constructs in Normal and Osteoporotic Condition - A Finite Element Based Study.
Title: True colours or red herrings?: colour maps for finite-element analysis in palaeontological studies to enhance interpretation and accessibility.
Title: Investigating the Effect of Nonrigid Connectors on the Success of Tooth-and-Implant-Supported Fixed Partial Prostheses in Maxillary Anterior Region: A Finite Element Analysis (FEA).
Title: 
Title: Displacement Patterns in Magnetomotive Ultrasound Explored by Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Effect of Intramedullary Nailing Patterns on Interfragmentary Strain in a Mouse Femur Fracture: A Parametric Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical In Vitro and Finite Element Study on Different Sagittal Alignment Postures of the Lumbar Spine During Multiaxial Daily Motion.
Title: Comparison of oblique triangular configuration and inverted equilateral triangular configuration of three cannulated screws in treating unstable femoral neck fracture: A finite element analysis.
Title: An inverse averaging finite element method for solving three-dimensional Poisson-Nernst-Planck equations in nanopore system simulations.
Title: Finite element analysis of the performance of additively manufactured scaffolds for scapholunate ligament reconstruction.
Title: CORR Insights®: How Does Chondrolabral Damage and Labral Repair Influence the Mechanics of the Hip in the Setting of Cam Morphology? A Finite-Element Modeling Study.
Title: Simulation of stent retriever thrombectomy in acute ischemic stroke by finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanics of Lumbar Spine Injury in Road Barrier Collision-Finite Element Study.
Title: The lateral femoral wall thickness on the risk of post-operative lateral wall fracture in intertrochanteric fracture after DHS fixation: A finite element analysis.
Title: The morphological mapping of lateral compression type 1 pelvic fracture and pelvic ring stability classification: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical properties of a novel fixation system for intra-articular distal humerus fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the influence of cyclic strain on cells anchored to substrates with varying properties.
Title: A multi-patient analysis of the center of rotation trajectories using finite element models of the human mandible.
Title: Finite element and clinical analyses of effects of a new intraoral device (VomPress) combined with extraoral RAMPA on improving the overjet of craniofacial complex.
Title: Analysis of Intramedullary Beam Designs Using Customized Finite Element Models for Medial Column Arthrodesis of the Foot.
Title: Finite element analysis of various thickness occlusal stabilization splint therapy on unilateral temporomandibular joint anterior disc displacement without reduction.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of the craniovertebral junction after odontoidectomy with anterior C1 arch preservation: A finite element study.
Title: Multiscale finite element musculoskeletal model for intact knee dynamics.
Title: A Hybrid Finite Element-Machine Learning Backward Training Approach to Analyze the Optimal Machining Conditions.
Title: Accurate Stress Analysis of Variable Angle Tow Shells by High-Order Equivalent-Single-Layer and Layer-Wise Finite Element Models.
Title: Finite Element Analysis and Experimental Investigation of Cut Surface Formation of Magnetic Silicon Steel in Shear Cutting.
Title: Experimental and Finite Element Analysis of the Tensile Behavior of Architectured Cu-Al Composite Wires.
Title: Optimization of the Warpage of Fused Deposition Modeling Parts Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Finite Element Method-Based Dynamic Response of Micropolar Polymers with Voids.
Title: How Does Chondrolabral Damage and Labral Repair Influence the Mechanics of the Hip in the Setting of Cam Morphology? A Finite-Element Modeling Study.
Title: Three-part humeral head fractures treated with a definite construct of blocked threaded wires: finite element and parametric optimization analysis.
Title: Developing a Lung Model in the Age of COVID-19: A Digital Image Correlation and Inverse Finite Element Analysis Framework.
Title: A biomechanical analysis of anterior cervical discectomy and fusion alone or combined cervical fixations in treating compression-extension injury with unilateral facet joint fracture: a finite element study.
Title: Fixation effects of different types of cannulated screws on vertical femoral neck fracture: A finite element analysis and experimental study.
Title: Development and verification of a constitutive model for human periodontal ligament based on finite element analysis.
Title: Saline-polyethylene glycol blends preserve in vitro annulus fibrosus hydration and mechanics: An experimental and finite-element analysis.
Title: Fracture behaviour of human skin in deep needle insertion can be captured using validated cohesive zone finite-element method.
Title: Author response to letter to the editor about the article "Stress distribution with extra-short implants in an angled frictional system: A finite element analysis study".
Title: Finite element analysis in clinical patients with atherosclerosis.
Title: Comparative biomechanical analysis of rigid vs. flexible fixation devices for the lumbar spine: A geometrically patient-specific poroelastic finite element study.
Title: Structural role of osteocyte lacunae on mechanical properties of bone matrix: A cohesive finite element study.
Title: Correlating Skeletal Muscle Output Force and Intramuscular Pressure Via a Three-Dimensional Finite Element Muscle Model.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of mandible with posterior marginal resection using finite element analysis.
Title: Quantification of soft tissue parameters from spatially resolved diffuse reflectance finite element models.
Title: 3D finite-element modeling of vascular adaptation after endovascular aneurysm repair.
Title: S2-alar-iliac screw and S1 pedicle screw fixation for the treatment of non-osteoporotic sacral fractures: a finite element study.
Title: Improved accuracy for radiation damping in coupled finite element/equivalent source computations.
Title: Erratum: "Determination of calibration parameters of cantilevers of arbitrary shape by finite element analysis" [Rev. Sci. Instrum. 92, 045001 (2021)].
Title: Resistance fracture of minimally prepared endocrowns made by three types of restorative materials: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Evaluation of internal fixation techniques for condylar head fractures: A finite element analysis and comparison.
Title: Inverse dynamic finite element-optimization modeling of the brain tumor mass-effect using a variable pressure boundary.
Title: Surgical Outcome Prediction Using a Four-Dimensional Planning Simulation System With Finite Element Analysis Incorporating Pre-bent Rods in Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis: Simulation for Spatiotemporal Anatomical Correction Technique.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis Model is Suitable for Biomechanical Analysis of Orbital Development.
Title: Creep behavior of human knee joint determined with high-speed biplanar video-radiography and finite element simulation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress Distribution in Mandibles with Different Bone Types Loaded by Implant-Supported Overdentures with Different Localizations of Locator Attachments.
Title: A finite element model to predict the consequences of endolymphatic hydrops in the basilar membrane.
Title: A multi-objective approach to optimize the weight and stress of the locking plates using finite element modeling.
Title: Finite element modeling of an energy storing and return prosthetic foot and implications of stiffness on rollover shape.
Title: Biomechanical effects of Skeletally anchored Class III elastics on the maxillofacial complex: a 3D finite element analysis.
Title: The effect of dental restoration geometry and material properties on biomechanical behaviour of a treated molar tooth: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modelling of the surgical procedure for placement of a straight electrode array: Mechanical and clinical consequences.
Title: Efficiency and side effects of a novel method for maxillary central root torque (a horizontal box loop of round wire) in comparison with the conventional rectangular wire: A finite element study.
Title: Reconstruction of severe acetabular bone defects with porous metal augment in total hip arthroplasty: A finite element analysis study.
Title: A Finite Element Investigation into the Cohesive Properties of Glass-Fiber-Reinforced Polymers with Nanostructured Interphases.
Title: A Review of Finite Element Analysis and Artificial Neural Networks as Failure Pressure Prediction Tools for Corroded Pipelines.
Title: Enhancing the Accuracy of Linear Finite Element Models of Vehicle Structures Considering Spot-Welded Flanges.
Title: Finite Element and Finite Volume Modelling of Friction Drilling HSLA Steel under Experimental Comparison.
Title: Test and Finite Element Analysis of a New Type of Double-Limb Double-Plate Connection Joint in Narrow Base Tower.
Title: FEBio finite element model of a pediatric cervical spine.
Title: A Novel Screw Drive for Allogenic Headless Position Screws for Use in Osteosynthesis-A Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Impact of Bone Augmentation of Facial Bone Defect around Osseointegrated Implant: A Three Dimensional Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Letter to the editor about the article "Stress distribution with extra-short implants in an angled frictional system: A finite element analysis study".
Title: Finite Element Analysis of a Novel Anterior Locking Plate for Thoracolumbar Burst Fracture.
Title: Medical Imaging Diagnosis of Anterior Cruciate Ligament Injury Based on Intelligent Finite-Element Algorithm.
Title: Mandibular reconstruction system reliability analysis using probabilistic finite element method.
Title: Optimal bone biopsy route to the proximal femur evaluated by computed tomography-based finite element modeling.
Title: Negative biomechanical effects of large grade nuclectomy in the transforaminal endoscopic discectomy increased the risk of adjacent segment diseases: A finite element study.
Title: Force distribution within the frame of self-expanding transcatheter aortic valve: Insights from in-vivo finite element analysis.
Title: [Three-dimensional finite element analysis of traumatic mechanism of mandibular symphyseal fracture combined with bilateral intracapsular condylar fractures].
Title: [Finite element analysis of the graft stresses after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction].
Title: The biomechanical effect of the relevant segments after facet-disectomy in different diameters under posterior lumbar percutaneous endoscopes: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Conservative Finite Element Modeling of EEG and MEG on Unstructured Grids.
Title: Statics performance of heavy-haul railway low-vibration track (LVT) under varying loading condition with the finite element method.
Title: A comprehensive finite element model for studying Cochlear-Vestibular interaction.
Title: Modeling Brittle Fractures in Epoxy Nanocomposites Using Extended Finite Element and Cohesive Zone Surface Methods.
Title: Bone Stress Evaluation with and without Cortical Bone Using Several Dental Restorative Materials Subjected to Impact Load: A Fully 3D Transient Finite-Element Study.
Title: Efficient Temporal Third/Fourth-Order Finite Element Method for a Time-Fractional Mobile/Immobile Transport Equation with Smooth and Nonsmooth Data.
Title: MDCT-Based Finite Element Analysis for the Prediction of Functional Spine Unit Strength-An In Vitro Study.
Title: Influence of Stress Intensity Factor on Rail Fatigue Crack Propagation by Finite Element Method.
Title: Hardness Prediction of Grind-Hardening Layer Based on Integrated Approach of Finite Element and Cellular Automata.
Title: General Consistency of Strong Discontinuity Kinematics in Embedded Finite Element Method (E-FEM) Formulations.
Title: Face Damage Growth of Sandwich Composites under Compressive Loading: Experiments, Analytical and Finite Element Modeling.
Title: Sensitivity Analysis Using a Reduced Finite Element Model for Structural Damage Identification.
Title: Evaluation of Stress Distribution and Force in External Hexagonal Implant: A 3-D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Commentary: Development of a Computer-Aided Design and Finite Element Analysis Combined Method for Affordable Spine Surgical Navigation With 3D-Printed Customized Template.
Title: Correlation between insertion torque and peri-implant bone strain during placement of orthodontic mini-implants: A finite element study.
Title: The optimal activation of plastic aligner for canine distal movement: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Sex, Age and Stature Affects Neck Biomechanical Responses in Frontal and Rear Impacts Assessed Using Finite Element Head and Neck Models.
Title: Influence of posterior pedicle screw fixation at L4-L5 level on biomechanics of the lumbar spine with and without fusion: a finite element method.
Title: Loading equine oocytes with cryoprotective agents captured with a finite element method model.
Title: Evaluation of Orthodontic Mini-implant-anchored en masse Retraction of Maxillary Anterior Teeth with Reduced Bone Support: A Prospective Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: The cross-sectional effects of ribbon arch wires on Class II malocclusion intermaxillary traction: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Analysis of lens fracture in precision glass molding with the finite element method.
Title: Finite element modelling of posterior occiput-axis fixation and biomechanical analysis of C2 intralaminar screw fixation with offset connectors.
Title: Design of 3D printable prosthetic foot to implement nonlinear stiffness behavior of human toe joint based on finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of restorative material and cement on the stress distribution of endocrowns: 3D finite element analysis.
Title: Deformation trajectory prediction using a neural network trained on finite element data-application to library of CTVs creation for cervical cancer.
Title: Periodontal effects of two Somnodent oral devices for the treatment of OSA: A finite element study.
Title: The experimental and finite element analysis data of Cu-UV glue composite materials.
Title: Structural geometries and mechanical properties of vertebral implant with honeycomb sandwich structure for vertebral compression fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of endodontically treated premolar teeth restored with novel endocrown system: 3D Finite Element and Weibull analyses.
Title: Finite element simulations of hybrid nano-Carreau Yasuda fluid with hall and ion slip forces over rotating heated porous cone.
Title: Finite element modeling of the effects of velopharyngeal opening on vocal tract reactance in female voice.
Title: Comparative analysis of stress distribution around CFR‑PEEK implants and titanium implants with different prosthetic crowns: A finite element analysis.
Title: Bone Mineralization and Spinal Fusion Evaluation of a Truss-based Interbody Fusion Device: Ovine Finite Element Analysis with Confirmatory In Vivo Outcomes.
Title: Effect of Bone Coverage on Acetabular Implant Stresses in Standard and Dual-Mobility Total Hip Arthroplasty Constructs: A Finite Element Model.
Title: Evaluation of Stress and Strain Magnitude in Tapered and Cylindrical Implant Surrounding Bone, Used for Restoration of Mandibular Teeth: Finite Element Analysis in All-on-Four Concept.
Title: Establishment and validation of fluid-structure coupling finite element model based on common lumbar herniation segments.
Title: Effect of thread depth and thread pitch on the primary stability of miniscrews receiving a torque load : A finite element analysis.
Title: A Finite Element Study to Investigate the Mechanical Behaviour of Unidirectional Recycled Carbon Fibre/Glass Fibre-Reinforced Epoxy Composites.
Title: Finite Element Analysis for Biodegradable Dissolving Microneedle Materials on Skin Puncture and Mechanical Performance Evaluation.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis and Characterization of Quasi-Surface Acoustic Wave Resonators.
Title: Synthetic Image Generation Using the Finite Element Method and Blender Graphics Program for Modeling of Vision-Based Measurement Systems.
Title: Validated Multi-Physical Finite Element Modelling of the Spot Welding Process of the Advanced High Strength Steel DP1200HD.
Title: Adaptive Finite Element Model for Simulating Crack Growth in the Presence of Holes.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Lightning Damage Factors Based on Carbon Fiber Reinforced Polymer.
Title: Prediction of Epitaxial Grain Growth in Single-Track Laser Melting of IN718 Using Integrated Finite Element and Cellular Automaton Approach.
Title: Predicting Nonlinear and Anisotropic Mechanics of Metal Rubber Using a Combination of Constitutive Modeling, Machine Learning, and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element derived femoral strength is a better predictor of hip fracture risk than aBMD in the AGES Reykjavik study cohort.
Title: Heterogeneous material mapping methods for patient-specific finite element models of pelvic trabecular bone: A convergence study.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of locking and non-locking patient-specific mandibular reconstruction plate using finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of Dental Implant Diameter and Bone Quality on the Biomechanics of Single-Crown Restoration. A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Mechanical Response of PEKK and PEEK As Frameworks for Implant-Supported Full-Arch Fixed Dental Prosthesis: 3D Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical study of two alternative methods for the treatment of vertical femoral neck fractures - A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element study on the influence of pore size and structure on stress shielding effect of additive manufactured spinal cage.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Graft Shape for the Evans Lateral Column Lengthening Procedure: A Patient-Specific Finite Element Investigation.
Title: Influence of loading conditions in finite element analysis assessed by HR-pQCT on ex vivo fracture prediction.
Title: Development of primary design guidelines for supportive underwear to elevate the bladder neck in women based on finite element analysis of the pelvis.
Title: CORR Insights®: Is Anterior Rotation of the Acetabulum Necessary to Normalize Joint Contact Pressure in Periacetabular Osteotomy? A Finite-element Analysis Study.
Title: Biomechanical comparison among five mid/hindfoot arthrodeses procedures in treating flatfoot using a musculoskeletal multibody driven finite element model.
Title: Single-level subject-specific finite element model can predict fracture outcomes in three-level spine segments under different loading rates.
Title: The Effects of Proximal Fibular Osteotomy on the Knee and Ankle Joints: a Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Different Surgical Approaches for the Treatment of Adjacent Segment Diseases After Primary Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The Performance of a Spherical-tip Catheter for Stent Post-dilation: Finite Element Analysis and Experiments.
Title: Modeling of the fracture energy on the finite element simulation in Ti6Al4V alloy machining.
Title: Refractive changes of a new asymmetric intracorneal ring segment with variable thickness and base width: A 2D finite-element model.
Title: Finite element study on whether posterior upper wall fracture is a risk factor for the failure of short-segment pedicle screw fixation in the treatment of L1 burst fracture.
Title: Influence of sagittal root positions on the stress distribution around custom-made root-analogue implants: a three-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Sand-throwing behaviour in pit-building antlion larvae: insights from finite-element modelling.
Title: Research on damage progression of drill string material based on the extended finite element method.
Title: The Effects of Paraspinal Muscle Volume on Physiological Load on the Lumbar Vertebral Column: A Finite-Element Study.
Title: Are subject-specific models necessary to predict patellar tendon fatigue life? A finite element modelling study.
Title: Consequences of Peri-Implant Bone Loss in the Occlusal Load Transfer to the Supporting Bone in terms of Magnitude of Stress, Strain, and Stress Distribution: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: A finite element model of the cardiac ventricles with coupled circulation: Biventricular mesh generation with hexahedral elements, airbags and a functional mockup interface to the circulation.
Title: Correction to: Finite element modelling and parameter identification of the seated human body exposed to vertical vibration.
Title: Development and Validation of a Finite Element Model of Wear in UHMWPE Liner Using Experimental Data From Hip Simulator Studies.
Title: An evaluation of the stress effect of different occlusion concepts on hybrid abutment and implant supported monolithic zirconia fixed prosthesis: A finite element analysis.
Title: Stress analysis of the thoracolumbar junction in the process of backward fall: An experimental study and finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element modeling of Non-Fourier heat transfer in a cancerous tissue with an injected fat layer during hyperthermia treatment.
Title: 3D Printed Hollow Off-Axis Profiles Based on Carbon Fiber-Reinforced Polymers: Mechanical Testing and Finite Element Method Analysis.
Title: Comprehensive Optimization of the Tripolar Concentric Ring Electrode Based on Its Finite Dimensions Model and Confirmed by Finite Element Method Modeling.
Title: Comparative Analysis of Stress and Deformation between One-Fenced and Three-Fenced Dental Implants Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Mechanical Performance of Chairside Ceramic CAD/CAM Restorations and Zirconia Abutments with Different Internal Implant Connections: In Vitro Study and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Model-Based Estimation of the Strength of Laser-Based Plastic-Metal Joints Using Finite Element Microstructure Models and Regression Models.
Title: Novel Calibration Strategy for Validation of Finite Element Thermal Analysis of Selective Laser Melting Process Using Bayesian Optimization.
Title: Efficient Design of a Clear Aligner Attachment to Induce Bodily Tooth Movement in Orthodontic Treatment Using Finite Element Analysis.
Title: The role of cortical zone level and prosthetic platform angle in dental implant mechanical response: A 3D finite element analysis.
Title: From in vitro evaluation of a finite element model of the spine to in silico comparison of spine instrumentations.
Title: Insights into the mechanics of solid conical microneedle array insertion into skin using the finite element method.
Title: Three-dimensional quantification of circulation using finite-element methods in four-dimensional flow MR data of the thoracic aorta.
Title: Modified F configuration in the treatment of Pauwels type III femoral neck fracture: a finite element analysis.
Title: The influence of pelvic tilt on stress distribution in the acetabulum: finite element analysis.
Title: Longitudinally centered embossed structure in the locking compression plate for biodegradable bone implant plate: a finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of the Kirschner-Wire Depth of the Modified Tension Band Wiring Technique in Transverse Patellar Fractures: An Experimental Study Using the Finite-Element Method.
Title: Buckling of Arteries With Noncircular Cross Sections: Theory and Finite Element Simulations.
Title: A comparison of different osteotomy techniques with and without pterygomaxillary disjunction in surgically assisted maxillary expansion utilizing modified hybrid rapid maxillary expansion device with posterior implants: A finite element study.
Title: Investigating the brain regions involved in tDCS-Enhanced category learning using finite element modeling.
Title: The influence of equine limb conformation on the biomechanical responses of the hoof: An in vivo and finite element study.
Title: Finite element analysis of transcatheter aortic valve implantation: Insights on the modelling of self-expandable devices.
Title: Influence of balloon location during proximal optimization technique (POT): A finite element analysis.
Title: Importance of dynamics in the finite element prediction of plastic damage of polyethylene acetabular liners under edge loading conditions.
Title: Experimental testing and finite element method analysis of the anterior cruciate ligament primary repair with internal brace augmentation.
Title: 3D pull-out finite element simulation of the pedicle screw-trabecular bone interface at strain rates.
Title: Finite element analysis of blood clots based on the nonlinear visco-hyperelastic model.
Title: [A finite element study of the influence of upper lip pressure on the development of maxilla after cleft lip surgery].
Title: Influence of "MOTRCS" factors on the performance of various direct and indirect restorations: A finite element analysis.
Title: Length of Plates and Number of Screws for the Fixation of Distal Humerus Fractures: A Finite Element Biomechanical Study.
Title: Biomechanical stability analysis of transpedicular screws combined with sublaminar hook-rod system using the finite element method.
Title: Development of a finite element model of a human head including auditory periphery for understanding of bone-conducted hearing.
Title: The mechanical influence of bone spicules in the osteochondral junction: A finite element modelling study.
Title: Stress and displacement of mini-implants and appliance in Mini-implant Assisted Rapid Palatal Expansion: analysis by finite element method.
Title: Effect of crown-to-implant ratio and crown height space on marginal bone stress: a finite element analysis.
Title: Assessing hip fracture risk in type-2 diabetic patients using CT-based autonomous finite element methods : a feasibility study.
Title: A validated finite element model to reproduce Helmholtz's theory of accommodation: a powerful tool to investigate presbyopia.
Title: A Hyper-Viscoelastic Continuum-Level Finite Element Model of the Spinal Cord Assessed for Transverse Indentation and Impact Loading.
Title: Effects of Variable Composite Attachment Shapes in Controlling Upper Molar Distalization with Aligners: A Nonlinear Finite Element Study.
Title: Comparison of Fixation Techniques in Oblique and Biplanar Chevron Medial Malleolar Osteotomies; a Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis and Biomechanical Analysis of Midfoot von Mises Stress Levels in Flatfoot, Clubfoot, and Lisfranc Joint Injury.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Gas Diffusion in Polymer Nanocomposite Systems Containing Rod-like Nanofillers.
Title: Finite Element Method for the Evaluation of the Human Spine: A Literature Overview.
Title: Biomechanical Stress in Obturator Prostheses: A Systematic Review of Finite Element Studies.
Title: Influence of Occlusal Bite Forces on Teeth with Altered Periodontal Support: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Stress Analysis.
Title: Stress Distribution in Cortical Bone around the Basal Implant - A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite Element-Based Numerical Simulations to Evaluate the Influence of Wollastonite Microfibers on the Dynamic Compressive Behavior of Cementitious Composites.
Title: Wear Risk Prevention and Reduction in Total Hip Arthroplasty. A Personalized Study Comparing Cement and Cementless Fixation Techniques Employing Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Selection of internal fixation method for femoral intertrochanteric fractures using a finite element method.
Title: Characterization of Exercise-Induced Myocardium Growth Using Finite Element Modeling and Bayesian Optimization.
Title: Simulation of gas sensing mechanism of porous metal oxide semiconductor sensor based on finite element analysis.
Title: Inclusion of hybrid nanoparticles in hyperbolic tangent material to explore thermal transportation via finite element approach engaging Cattaneo-Christov heat flux.
Title: Finite element modeling of temporal bone graft changes in XLIF: Quantifying biomechanical effects at adjacent levels.
Title: Toward subject-specific evaluation: methods of evaluating finite element brain models using experimental high-rate rotational brain motion.
Title: Feasibility of extracting tissue material properties via cohesive elements: a finite element approach to probe insertion procedures in non-invasive spine surgeries.
Title: Development of a lead foil crown delineation technique for implant rehabilitations to generate patient specific finite element model of occlusal loading points.
Title: Biomechanical modeling of spinal ligaments: finite element analysis of L4-L5 spinal segment.
Title: Bone Ingrowth Around an Uncemented Femoral Implant Using Mechanoregulatory Algorithm: A Multiscale Finite Element Analysis.
Title: [Biomechanical effects of different bone cement diffusion patterns after vertebroplasty:finite element analysis].
Title: Prediction of the natural frequencies of different degrees of degenerated human lumbar segments L2-L3 using dynamic finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of Stand-Alone Oblique Lateral Lumbar Interbody Fusion Under 3 Different Bone Mineral Density Conditions: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Computational fluid dynamics simulations for 3D muscle fiber architecture in finite element analysis: Comparisons between computational fluid dynamics and diffusion tensor imaging.
Title: Biomechanical Role of Trabecular Microstructure on Peri-implant Strain Based on Micro-CT Finite Element Modeling of Aging Mice.
Title: Biomechanical Analysis of Functionally Graded Root Analog Implants on Alveolar Bone: A 3D Finite Element Study.
Title: Influence of Abutment Design on Stress Distribution in Narrow Implants with Marginal Bone Loss: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the effects of periodontal tissue temperature by continuous wave technique.
Title: Validating Patient-Specific Finite Element Models of Direct Electrocortical Stimulation.
Title: Titanium alloy cannulated screws and biodegradable magnesium alloy bionic cannulated screws for treatment of femoral neck fractures: a finite element analysis.
Title: Turbulent finite element model applied for blood flow calculation in arterial bifurcation.
Title: Assessing the biomechanical properties of nitinol staples in normal, osteopenic and osteoporotic bone models: A finite element analysis.
Title: The Effect on the Fracture Healing following Femoral Neck Shortening after Osteoporotic Femoral Neck Fracture Treated with Internal Fixation: Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Analysis of micromovements and peri-implant stresses and strains around ultra-short implants - A three-dimensional finite-element method study.
Title: Wave front aberrations induced from biomechanical effects after customized myopic laser refractive surgery in finite element model.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of three different types of fixators for anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction via finite element method: a patient-specific study.
Title: Galerkin finite element analysis of magneto two-phase nanofluid flowing in double wavy enclosure comprehending an adiabatic rotating cylinder.
Title: Finite element analysis of the lumbar spine in adolescent idiopathic scoliosis subjected to different loads.
Title: Biomechanical Effects of Deep Anterior Lamellar Keratoplasty and Penetrating Keratoplasty for Keratoconus: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Biomechanical behavior of atrophic maxillary restorations using the all-on-four concept and long trans-sinus implants: A finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the kinematic coupling effect of the joints around talus when Ponseti manipulation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Stress in Anterior Prosthetic Rehabilitation with Zirconia Implants with and without Cantilever.
Title: Finite element analysis of a capacitive array for 6D intrafraction motion detection during stereotactic radiosurgery.
Title: A Finite Element Algorithm for Large Deformation Biphasic Frictional Contact Between Porous-Permeable Hydrated Soft Tissues.
Title: Risk of proximal femoral nail antirotation (PFNA) implant failure upon different lateral femoral wall thickness in intertrochanteric fracture: a finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of mesh anchoring technique in uterine prolapse repair surgery: A finite element analysis.
Title: Wolverine cutting balloon in the treatment of stent underexpansion in heavy coronary calcification: bench test using a three-dimensional printer and computer simulation with the finite-element method.
Title: Comparative finite element analysis of bracket deformation in tie wings and slot region during simulated torque.
Title: Is Pedicle-Based Hybrid Stabilization (PBHS) protecting posterior lumbar fixation from adjacent-segment failure? Finite element analysis and comparison of different systems.
Title: Low-Computational-Cost Technique for Modeling Macro Fiber Composite Piezoelectric Actuators Using Finite Element Method.
Title: Stress Concentration of Endodontically Treated Molars Restored with Transfixed Glass Fiber Post: 3D-Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Selective Laser Sintering of PA 2200 for Hip Implant Applications: Finite Element Analysis, Process Optimization, Morphological and Mechanical Characterization.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis for Improvement of Shaping Process of Complex-Shaped Large-Size Silicon Carbide Mirrors.
Title: Biomechanical analysis of temporomandibular joints during mandibular protrusion and retraction motions: A 3d finite element simulation.
Title: Evaluating the thermal performance of a balloon-based renal sympathetic denervation system with array electrodes: a finite element study.
Title: Do Metaphyseal Cones and Stems Provide Any Biomechanical Advantage for Moderate Contained Tibial Defects in Revision TKA? A Finite-Element Analysis Based on a Cadaver Model.
Title: Maximum Insertion Torque, Stress, and Strain in Bone during Insertion of Three Dental Implants with Different Macroscopic Designs: A Dynamic Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Comparison of Periodontally Compromised Splinted Teeth and Implant Supported Fixed Partial Denture: A Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis on Bone Response.
Title: Associations between changes in loading pattern, deformity, and internal stresses at the foot with hammer toe during walking; a finite element approach.
Title: Stress distribution and patient satisfaction in flexible and cast metal removable partial dentures: Finite element analysis and randomized pilot study.
Title: Orientation and end zone of the osteotomy cut for high tibial osteotomy: Influence on the risk of lateral hinge fracture. A finite element analysis.
Title: Biomechanical comparative evaluation of percutaneous fixations with vertebral expansion for vertebral compression fractures: an experimental and finite element study.
Title: Evaluation of stress in three different fiber posts with two-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Multiaxial validation of a finite element model of the intervertebral disc with multigenerational fibers to establish residual strain.
Title: 3D Printing Experimental Validation of the Finite Element Analysis of the Maxillofacial Model.
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Analysis of L4-5 Degenerative Lumbar Disc Traction under Different Pushing Heights.
Title: Effects of Increased Retroversion Angle on Glenoid Baseplate Fixation in Reverse Total Shoulder Arthroplasty: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element analysis of the mechanical performance of a zinc alloy stent with the tenon-and-mortise structure.
Title: Transpatellar bone tunnels perforating the lateral or anterior cortex increase the risk of patellar fracture in MPFL reconstruction: a finite element analysis and survey of the International Patellofemoral Study Group.
Title: A 3-dimensional finite element and in vitro analysis of endocrown restorations fabricated with different preparation designs and various restorative materials.
Title: Assessing Tetrahedral Lattice Parameters for Engineering Applications Through Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Analysis of the main soft tissue stress associated with flexible flatfoot deformity: a finite element study.
Title: A novel anatomic titanium mesh cage for reducing the subsidence rate after anterior cervical corpectomy: a finite element study.
Title: [Finite element analysis of different intramedullary fixation methods for the treatment of senile pubic ramus fractures].
Title: Three-Dimensional Finite Element Modeling of Blast Wave Transmission From the External Ear to a Spiral Cochlea.
Title: Commentary: Fast and accurate surrogate of finite-element analysis: For bench to bedside, we need it now!
Title: Finite element modeling to predict procedural success of thoracic endovascular aortic repair in type A aortic dissection.
Title: Modified pedicle screw-rod versus anterior subcutaneous internal pelvic fixation for unstable anterior pelvic ring fracture: a retrospective study and finite element analysis.
Title: Development of a flexible instrumented lumbar spine finite element model and comparison with in-vitro experiments.
Title: Splint stiffness and extension effects on a simulated avulsed permanent incisor-A patient-specific finite element analysis.
Title: Proposal for a New Fixation Method for Pauwels Type III Femoral Neck Fracture-Metaphyseal Stem: A Finite-Element Analysis.
Title: Establishment of a finite element model based on craniofacial soft tissue thickness measurements and stress analysis of medical goggles.
Title: A finite element model of an osteoblast to quantify the transduction of exogenous forces to cellular components.
Title: Biomechanical effect of intertrochanteric curved varus osteotomy on stress reduction in femoral head osteonecrosis: a finite element analysis.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Cushioned Diabetic Footwear Using Ethylene Vinyl Acetate Polymer.
Title: Direct Computation of 3-D Stress Intensity Factors of Straight and Curved Planar Cracks with the P-Version Finite Element Method and Contour Integral Method.
Title: Semi-Empirical Prediction of Turned Surface Residual Stress for Inconel 718 Grounded in Experiments and Finite Element Simulations.
Title: Higher Order Multiscale Finite Element Method for Heat Transfer Modeling.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of the Microwave Ablation Method for Enhanced Lung Cancer Treatment.
Title: Analytical and finite element analysis of shape memory polymer for use in lumbar total disc replacement.
Title: Theoretical analysis and finite element simulation of pipeline structure in liquefied soil.
Title: Effect of thermal gradient on structural relaxation and characterization of thermal stresses in dental porcelains - A finite element study.
Title: Biomechanical evaluation of syndesmotic fixation techniques via finite element analysis: Screw vs. suture button.
Title: Loading on Attune® fixed-bearing cruciate-substituting total knee implant in knee malalignment during activities of daily living: A finite element analysis.
Title: Metal-ceramic and porcelain-veneered lithium disilicate crowns: a stress profile comparison using a viscoelastic finite element model.
Title: Electrostatic model of dielectric elastomer generator based on finite element.
Title: Finite element analysis of hip implant with varying in taper neck lengths under static loading conditions.
Title: Anterior Bridging Bone in a Newly Designed Cage for Lumbar Interbody Fusion: Radiographic and Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Dynamic three-dimensional finite element analysis of orbital trauma.
Title: Polymeric hybrid nanocomposites processing and finite element modeling: An overview.
Title: Multiscale mechanical responses of young and elderly human femurs: A finite element investigation.
Title: Response characteristics and optimization of electroporation: simulation based on finite element method.
Title: A multiscale four-layer finite element model to predict the effects of collagen fibers on skin behavior under tension.
Title: Assessment of the viscoelastic mechanical properties of the porcine optic nerve head using micromechanical testing and finite element modeling.
Title: Occlusal stress distribution in the human skull with permanent maxillary first molar extraction: A 3-dimensional finite element study.
Title: The examination of stress shielding in a finite element lumbar spine inclusive of the thoracolumbar fascia.
Title: Where is the center of resistance of a maxillary first molar? A 3-dimensional finite element analysis.
Title: Finite element computation of magneto-hemodynamic flow and heat transfer in a bifurcated artery with saccular aneurysm using the Carreau-Yasuda biorheological model.
Title: Finite element modeling and parameter identification of the seated human body exposed to vertical vibration.
Title: Establishment of optimal variable elastic modulus distribution in the design of full-crown restorations by finite element analysis.
Title: Iatrogenic muscle damage in transforaminal lumbar interbody fusion and adjacent segment degeneration: a comparative finite element analysis of open and minimally invasive surgeries.
Title: Effect of Model Parameters on the Biomechanical Behavior of the Finite Element Cervical Spine Model.
Title: Finite element analysis predicts Ca
Title: Clinical observation and finite element analysis of cannulated screw internal fixation in the treatment of femoral neck fracture based on different reduction quality.
Title: Mechanical Failure Mechanism of Silicon-Based Composite Anodes under Overdischarging Conditions Based on Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Finite element modelling to assess the submarine groundwater discharge in an over exploited multilayered coastal aquifer.
Title: Multi-detector computed tomography (MDCT) imaging: association of bone texture parameters with finite element analysis (FEA)-based failure load of single vertebrae and functional spinal units.
Title: Biomechanical Evaluation of a Novel S-Type, Dynamic Zero-Profile Cage Design for Anterior Cervical Discectomy and Fusion with Variations in Bone Graft Shape: A Finite Element Analysis.
Title: Determination of calibration parameters of cantilevers of arbitrary shape by finite element analysis.
Title: Is it Possible to Derive the Dresdner Correction Formula Using a Finite Element Program?
Title: Determinants of the primary stability of cementless acetabular cup implants: A 3D finite element study.
Title: An entirely reverse-engineered finite element model of a classical guitar in comparison with experimental data.
Title: Three-dimensional tuning of idiophone bar modes via finite element analysis.
Title: Simulation of mallet percussion instruments by a coupled modal vibroacoustic finite element model.
Title: A review of foot finite element modelling for pressure ulcer prevention in bedrest: Current perspectives and future recommendations.
Title: Finite element study of stem cells under fluid flow for mechanoregulation toward osteochondral cells.
Title: The Stress Concentration and Biomechanical Properties of the Intraoral Distractors and the Extraoral Distractors Used in Treatment of Hemifacial Microsomia Patients: A Simulation Finite Element Analysis Study.
Title: Effect of specific retention biomaterials for ball attachment on the biomechanical response of single implant-supported overdenture: A finite element analysis.
Title: Is Anterior Rotation of the Acetabulum Necessary to Normalize Joint Contact Pressure in Periacetabular Osteotomy? A Finite-element Analysis Study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis as an Iterative Design Tool for Students in an Introductory Biomechanics Course.
Title: A Direct Comparison of Node and Element-Based Finite Element Modeling Approaches to Study Tissue Growth.
Title: Prediction of incident vertebral fractures in routine MDCT: Comparison of global texture features, 3D finite element parameters and volumetric BMD.
Title: Sensitivity of Intervertebral Disc Finite Element Models to Internal Geometric and Non-geometric Parameters.
Title: Finite element simulation and statistical investigation of an orthodontic mini-implant's stability in a novel screw design.
Title: Biomechanical study of transsacral-transiliac screw fixation versus lumbopelvic fixation and bilateral triangular fixation for "H"- and "U"-type sacrum fractures with traumatic spondylopelvic dissociation: a finite element analysis study.
Title: Effect of microimplant assisted rapid palatal expansion on bone-anchored maxillary protraction: A finite element analysis.
Title: Probabilistic Finite Element Modeling of Textile Reinforced SHCC Subjected to Uniaxial Tension.
Title: Finite Element Study of Bio-Convective Stefan Blowing Ag-MgO/Water Hybrid Nanofluid Induced by Stretching Cylinder Utilizing Non-Fourier and Non-Fick's Laws.
Title: Investigation of Compressive and Tensile Behavior of Stainless Steel/Dissolvable Aluminum Bimetallic Composites by Finite Element Modeling and Digital Image Correlation.
Title: Analysis of the Static Behavior of a Single Tree on a Finite Element Model.
Title: A 3D Finite Element Analysis Model of Single Implant-Supported Prosthesis under Dynamic Impact Loading for Evaluation of Stress in the Crown, Abutment and Cortical Bone Using Different Rehabilitation Materials.
Title: A Comparison between Finite Element Model (FEM) Simulation and an Integrated Artificial Neural Network (ANN)-Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) Approach to Forecast Performances of Micro Electro Discharge Machining (Micro-EDM) Drilling.
Title: Biomechanical responses of the cornea after small incision lenticule extraction (SMILE) refractive surgery based on a finite element model of the human eye.
Title: Biomechanics of subtrochanteric fracture fixation using short cephalomedullary nails: A finite element analysis.
Title: Influence of insertion depth on stress distribution in orthodontic miniscrew and the surrounding bone by finite element analysis.
Title: Real-time finite element analysis allows homogenization of tissue scale strains and reduces variance in a mouse defect healing model.
Title: Finite element analysis of different titanium miniplates: Evaluation of three-dimensional designs applied on condylar neck fractures.
Title: Quantitative study on the biomechanical mechanism of sacroiliac joint subluxation: A finite element study.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of Fracture Fixation.
Title: Finite Element Analysis of an Improved Correction System for Spinal Deformity.
Title: Finite-element kalman filter with state constraint for dynamic soft tissue modelling.
Title: [Study of the effect of the occlusal surface of a natural tooth and fixed partial dentures supported by dental implants on the stress distribution by finite element analysis].
Title: [Finite element method simulating bursting process of multi-chamber flexible package infusion bag].
Title: Finite element analysis of the impact of bone nanostructure on its piezoelectric response.
Title: A finite element model of the 3D-printed transparent facemask for applying pressure therapy.
Title: Biomechanical analyses of one-piece dental implants composed of titanium, zirconia, PEEK, CFR-PEEK, or GFR-PEEK: Stresses, strains, and bone remodeling prediction by the finite element method.
Title: A finite element model for evaluating the effectiveness of the Advanced System for Implant Stability Testing (ASIST).
Title: Biomechanical design framework for prosthetic feet: Experimentally validated non-linear finite element procedure.
Title: Reporting checklist for verification and validation of finite element analysis in orthopedic and trauma biomechanics.
Title: An Experimentally Validated Finite Element Model of the Lower Limb to Investigate the Efficacy of Blast Mitigation Systems.
Title: A Finite Element Analysis and Circuit Modelling Methodology for Studying Electrical Impedance Myography of Human Limbs.
Title: On the Sensitivity Analysis of Porous Finite Element Models for Cerebral Perfusion Estimation.
Title: Stress distribution of different lumbar posterior pedicle screw insertion techniques: a combination study of finite element analysis and biomechanical test.
Title: Biomechanical comparison of four different posterior malleolus fixation techniques: A finite element analysis.
Title: How to choose the suitable FNS specification in young patients with femoral neck fracture: A finite element analysis.
Title: Femoral strength can be predicted from 2D projections using a 3D statistical deformation and texture model with finite element analysis.
Title: Effect of ageing on microstructure and fracture behavior of cortical bone as determined by experiment and Extended Finite Element Method (XFEM).
Title: Prediction of interfragmentary movement in fracture fixation constructs using a combination of finite element modeling and rigid body assumptions.
Title: Stress distribution and displacement of three different types of micro-implant assisted rapid maxillary expansion (MARME): a three-dimensional finite element study.
Title: Corrigendum: Biomechanical Investigation Between Rigid and Semirigid Posterolateral Fixation During Daily Activities: Geometrically Parametric Poroelastic Finite Element Analyses.
