Title: [Psychomotor difficulties in gifted children: towards an integrative approach to the body and mind].
Title: Cognitive and Reading Profiles of Gifted Students with Learning Disabilities: Implications for Assessment and Identification.
Title: An Exploratory Comparative Study of the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-Fifth Edition (WISC-V) and the Adaptive Intelligence Diagnosticum 3 (AID 3) in a Sample of Mathematically Highly Gifted Children and Adolescents.
Title: Parents, teachers, and policy makers in educational interventions for gifted students: Systematic review study.
Title: Teacher-student relationships and social support as drivers of learning and behaviour in Malaysian gifted students.
Title: The Contribution of Executive Functions to Academic Achievement in Gifted Children: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Gifted but Misunderstood? An Interpretive Systematic Review of Gifted Education Policy, Practice, and Socio-Emotional Experience in England.
Title: Comparative mediator analysis: establishing links between mathematical thinking and creativity through digital game addiction and violent tendencies across gifted and non-gifted student groups.
Title: Subjective outcome evaluation of a gifted education program: the Project GIFT in Hong Kong.
Title: Toy exploration in gifted word learner dogs and typical dogs.
Title: Exploring the Impacts of Meaning in Life, Character Strengths, and Social Connectedness on Affect and Achievement in Gifted Students.
Title: Daily briefing: Gifted dogs have word-learning skills on a par with human toddlers.
Title: The Gifted Outlier in Academic Medicine: Toward a Balanced Framework for Recognizing Diverse Excellence.
Title: Gifted dogs learn new words by overhearing humans.
Title: Donor-gifted nephrolithiasis: case-based analysis and comparative study.
Title: Soldier's Heart and a Gifted Mind: Additional Considerations for Atatürk's Cardiac Symptoms.
Title: Olfactory processing in gifted and non-gifted children: assessing the sniffin' sticks olfactory test for threshold, discrimination, and identification abilities.
Title: Documentary and Gifted Education: 
Title: Investigating the psychometric properties and confirmatory factor structure of the opinions about the gifted and their education as a teacher's attitude scale.
Title: The mediating role of nomophobia in the effect of executive function on problem-solving skills in gifted students.
Title: Impacts of enrichment programs on cognitive and affective skills of gifted students: A meta-analysis.
Title: Bridging gifted education and school culture: the mediating role of personality in shaping school culture and teachers' opinions towards gifted education.
Title: Living With the Gift of Giftedness: An Exploratory Study on the Well-Being of Intellectually Gifted Adults.
Title: Evaluation of creative project production performance in mathematical logic and computational thinking skills among gifted high school students.
Title: The link between non-routine problem solving success levels and strategic flexibility of gifted fourth-grade students.
Title: The relationship between artistic skills and academic engagement among artistically gifted non-specialist university students.
Title: Parents' Perspectives on Participation Among Gifted and Typically Developing Children: A Pilot Study.
Title: Executive function behaviors in intellectually gifted/ADHD children compared to intellectually gifted children and ADHD children: the clinical utility of the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF).
Title: Sustained primary teacher provision for the gifted: the influence of gifted conceptions on nomination and differentiation.
Title: Parental Competence Scale of Parents With Gifted Children: Validity and Reliability Study.
Title: Teacher Adaptability and Student Development in Online Teaching Environments: A Survey of Teachers of Chinese Mathematics Competitions for Gifted Students.
Title: Do Intellectually Gifted Children Have Better Planning Skills?
Title: Motor Skills in Intellectually Gifted Children: A Neuropsychological Investigation.
Title: Hyperacusis in gifted children and its impact on quality of life.
Title: Insight elements of mathematical problem solving in generally gifted and mathematical experts: ERP amplitudes in PO electrodes.
Title: Cyber victimization and subjective well-being: protective roles of self-esteem and social support among Turkish gifted youths.
Title: Mental health of intellectually gifted individuals: investigating the nonlinearity of the relationship between intelligence and general mental health.
Title: Under Pressure: Gifted Students' Vulnerabilities, Stressors, and Coping Mechanisms Within a High Achieving High School.
Title: The Role of Parental Education, Intelligence, and Personality on the Cognitive Abilities of Gifted Children.
Title: Editorial: Physical Education among gifted students.
Title: Preliminary validation of two math screening tools to identify gifted students in grades 3-5 in Jordan.
Title: Mentorship: A gifted symbiosis.
Title: Development and revision of the nonverbal ability test for identifying gifted programs in Türkiye(BNV-II).
Title: Candidate genes related to spiritual mediumship: a whole-exome sequencing analysis of highly gifted mediums.
Title: Pre-service teachers' perceptions of physical, socioemotional and cognitive traits in gifted students: unveiling bias?
Title: Autonomous learning and creative cognition: the mediating effect of gifted students' self-efficacy.
Title: Network Analysis of Internalizing and Externalizing Symptoms in Arab Gifted Children: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Assessment and Management of a Gifted Child Presenting Mental Distress and Disruptive Behaviors: Clinical Report.
Title: Giftedness identification and cognitive, physiological and psychological characteristics of gifted children: a systematic review.
Title: Unveiling the potential of fine arts education in enhancing resilience among Chinese gifted students.
Title: Harvey W. Bender Jr: Son of Texas, Gifted Surgeon, Inspiring Teacher, STSA and ACS President.
Title: The impact of Philosophy for Children (P4C) activities on enhancing the speaking skills of gifted students.
Title: Do gifted children without specific learning disabilities read more efficiently than typically developing children?
Title: Reframing Social and Emotional Development of the Gifted.
Title: Unpacking the underachievement of gifted students: A systematic review of internal and external factors.
Title: The Relationship between Trait Emotional Intelligence and Creative Self-Efficacy in Gifted Children: A Cross-Lagged and Cross-Temporal Mediation Analysis.
Title: Stress in Chinese teachers who teach the mathematically gifted: a qualitative perspective.
Title: Unraveling symptom interplay: a network analysis of procrastination in gifted students.
Title: The nexus between the attitudes and self-concepts of gifted students in an Arab context.
Title: Two Attentional Processes Subserving Working Memory Differentiate Gifted and Mainstream Students.
Title: The Influence of Gifted Children's Stress Management on Parental Stress Levels.
Title: Parental Attitudes toward Gifted Students and Gifted Education: Attitude Profiles and Predictors.
Title: Family Functioning and Internalizing and Externalizing Problems in Gifted Children.
Title: Method considerations for school psychology from longitudinal research on gifted students.
Title: Creative activity and accomplishment as indicators of polymathy among gifted and nongifted students.
Title: Twice-exceptionality unmasked: A systematic narrative review of the literature on identifying dyslexia in the gifted child.
Title: [Relationships. Art-affined physicians, gifted artist patients and the debate on art from a psychiatric context after 1945].
Title: Cognitive processes that underlie mathematically gifted emergent bilinguals.
Title: A citizen science model turns anecdotes into evidence by revealing similar characteristics among Gifted Word Learner dogs.
Title: The Gifted Rating Scales - School Form in Greek elementary and middle school learners: a closer insight into their psychometric characteristics.
Title: Applying Rasch analysis in refinement and validation of interpersonal skills measure for gifted children.
Title: From gifted to high potential and twice exceptional: A state-of-the-art meta-review.
Title: Heterogeneity across Australian ICT policies for education of gifted students.
Title: Examining Conjoint Behavioral Consultation to Support 2e-Autism Spectrum Disorder and Gifted Students in Preschool with Academic and Behavior Concerns.
Title: Caring approaches to young, gifted music learners' education: a PRISMA scoping review.
Title: Role of primary healthcare providers in supporting a gifted child.
Title: Non-Cognitive Specificities of Intellectually Gifted Children and Adolescents: A Systematic Review of the Literature.
Title: Living donor-gifted allograft lithiasis: surgical experience after bench surgery stone removal and follow-up.
Title: The Effects of COVID-19 on the Emotional and Social Stability, Motivation and Attitudes of Gifted and Non-Gifted Children in Greece.
Title: Britain and Europe's Gifted Children in the Quests for Democracy, Welfare and Productivity, 1970-1990.
Title: Designing a methodological system for the development and support of gifted and motivated students.
Title: Intelligence and Executive Functions: A Comprehensive Assessment of Intellectually Gifted Children.
Title: Emotional Intelligence and Emotional Hypersensitivity in Gifted Individuals.
Title: Endoscopic ultrasound related partial splenic artery embolization: A gifted outcome.
Title: Impact of the COVID-19 lockdown on gifted and non-gifted primary school students' well-being and motivation from a self-determination perspective.
Title: Habitual sleep and intraindividual variability of sleep in gifted children: an actigraphy study.
Title: Resilience Among Gifted Students: Are they Prone to Anxiety During Pandemic?
Title: Critical Thinking in Ethical and Neutral Settings in Gifted Children and Non-Gifted Children.
Title: Gifted Children through the Eyes of Their Parents:Talents, Social-Emotional Challenges, and Educational Strategies from Preschool through Middle School.
Title: Emotional Intelligence and Creative Self-Efficacy among Gifted Children: Mediating Effect of Self-Esteem and Moderating Effect of Gender.
Title: Abstract Graphic Creativity, Feelings about School, and Engagement in the School Environment: What Are the Interindividual Differences between Gifted and Non-Gifted Children?
Title: Framing the education for gifted Lebanese and gifted refugees in Lebanon.
Title: Association between sleep and problematic behaviours in gifted children: a polysomnographic study.
Title: Are parents of intellectually gifted child(ren) at higher, lower or equal risk for parental burnout?
Title: Gifted Children, Youth Culture, and Popular Individualism in 1970s and 1980s Britain.
Title: The Gifted Rating Scales-Preschool/Kindergarten Form (GRS-P): A Preliminary Examination of Their Psychometric Properties in Two Greek Samples.
Title: Differences in Parents and Teachers' Perceptions of Behavior Manifested by Gifted Children with ADHD Compared to Gifted Children without ADHD and Non-Gifted Children with ADHD Using the Conners 3 Scale.
Title: An Investigation of the Relationship between Personality, Cognitive Ability, and Work Engagement in Intellectually Gifted Individuals.
Title: Is There a "Gifted Personality"? Initial Evidence for Differences between MENSA and General Population Members in the HEXACO Personality Inventory.
Title: The Cognitive Profile of Gifted Children Compared to Those of Their Parents: A Descriptive Study Using the Wechsler Scales.
Title: NF-κB inhibitors gifted by nature: The anticancer promise of polyphenol compounds.
Title: Perceptions of preschool teachers of the characteristics of gifted learners in Abu Dhabi: A qualitative study.
Title: PRESENCE//Gifted: On Poetry, Antiracism, and Epistemic Violence in Health Promotion.
Title: Why Hasn't the Gifted Label Caught up with Science?
Title: The Impact of an Enrichment Program on the Emirati Verbally Gifted Children.
Title: Altruistic behaviors and cooperation among gifted adolescents.
Title: Exploring the link between Turkish gifted children's perceptions of the gifted label and emotional intelligence competencies.
Title: Professional Development for Teachers of Gifted Education in Hong Kong: Instrument Validation and Training Effectiveness.
Title: A comparison of personality traits of gifted word learner and typical border collies.
Title: Multigroup analysis of the relationship loneliness, fear of missing out, problematic internet usage and peer perception in gifted and normally developing adolescents.
Title: Graph Empirical Mode Decomposition-Based Data Augmentation Applied to Gifted Children MRI Analysis.
Title: The education context for twice-exceptional students: An overview of issues in special and gifted education.
Title: Internal Persistence and External Support-What Makes Chinese Teachers of the Mathematically Gifted Stick to Their Post?
Title: Do Faculty Members Apply the Standards for Developing Gifted Students at Universities? An Exploratory Study.
Title: Mathematically Gifted Students' Experience With Their Teachers' Mathematical Competence and Boredom in School: A Qualitative Interview Study.
Title: Multisensory mental representation of objects in typical and Gifted Word Learner dogs.
Title: Systematic Literature Review: Professional Situation of Gifted Adults.
Title: Do Intellectually Gifted Children Show Similar Physical Habits, Physical Fitness Levels and Self-Perceived Body Image Than Typically Developed Children?
Title: Development and Evaluation of a Pioneer School-Based Gifted Education Program (Project GIFT) for Primary and Secondary Students in Hong Kong.
Title: Nurses as Gifted Artists in Caring: An Analysis of Nursing Care Concept.
Title: Studying stimuli and smoking behaviors among self-identified gifted smokers and strategies for customizing cessation support.
Title: The identification of gifted underachievement: Validity evidence for the commonly used methods.
Title: Examining Gifted Students' Evaluations of Their Education Programs in Terms of Their Project Production and Management.
Title: 
Title: Gamma-induction in frontotemporal dementia (GIFTeD) randomized placebo-controlled trial: Rationale, noninvasive brain stimulation protocol, and study design.
Title: School life satisfaction and peer connectedness of intellectually gifted adolescents in France: Is there a labeling effect?
Title: Parenting the Exceptional Social-Emotional Needs of Gifted and Talented Children: What Do We Know?
Title: Acquisition and long-term memory of object names in a sample of Gifted Word Learner dogs.
Title: Design an international blended professional development model for gifted education: An evaluation study.
Title: Metacognitive monitoring and metacognitive strategies of gifted and average children on dealing with deductive reasoning task.
Title: "Developing Capabilities". Inclusive Extracurricular Enrichment Programs to Improve the Well-Being of Gifted Adolescents.
Title: Sleep Behaviors and Handedness in Gifted and Non-Gifted Children.
Title: Sleep Characteristics and Socio-Emotional Functioning of Gifted Children.
Title: The role of metacognitive competences in the development of school achievement among gifted adolescents.
Title: Alerting, orienting, and executive control in intellectually gifted children.
Title: Explaining the high working memory capacity of gifted children: Contributions of processing skills and executive control.
Title: Examining the Relationships among Cognitive Ability, Domain-Specific Self-Concept, and Behavioral Self-Esteem of Gifted Children Aged 5-6 Years: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Improving Gifted Talent Development Can Help Solve Multiple Consequential Real-World Problems.
Title: Adaptive Behavior Profiles of Intellectually Gifted Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Title: Analysing Educational Interventions with Gifted Students. Systematic Review.
Title: Investigating the Mediating Role of Procrastination in the Relationship between Positive and Negative Perfectionism and Mobile Phone Addiction in Gifted Students.
Title: Neuropsychological Profile of Intellectually Gifted Children: A Systematic Review.
Title: Academic Acceleration in Gifted Youth and Fruitless Concerns Regarding Psychological Well-Being: A 35-Year Longitudinal Study.
Title: Biotechnological and Ecological Potential of 
Title: We Have "Gifted" Enough: Indigenous Genomic Data Sovereignty in Precision Medicine.
Title: How can wellbeing at work and sustainable employability of gifted workers be enhanced? A qualitative study from a capability approach perspective.
Title: Living Donor Gifted Lithiasis: Long-Term Outcomes in Recipients.
Title: Emotional Intelligence Profiles and Self-Esteem/Self-Concept: An Analysis of Relationships in Gifted Students.
Title: Physicians' Views on a Wellbeing Course Gifted to Them: A Qualitative Study.
Title: The diagnostic utility of the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children-Fourth Edition (WISC-IV) in identification of gifted children.
Title: The December issue of 
Title: Directed Connectivity Analysis of the Brain Network in Mathematically Gifted Adolescents.
Title: 
Title: Enhancing academic engagement of underachieving gifted students: The effects of Martin's educational program.
Title: "A hundred years since the birth of Rosalind Elsie Franklin, a brilliant and gifted scientist".
Title: EEG source-space synchrostate transitions and Markov modeling in the math-gifted brain during a long-chain reasoning task.
Title: A gifted SNARC? Directional spatial-numerical associations in gifted children with high-level math skills do not differ from controls.
Title: The role of frontal and parietal cortex in the performance of gifted and average adolescents in a mental rotation task.
Title: Ordinary extraordinary: Elusive group differences in personality and psychological difficulties between STEM-gifted adolescents and their peers.
Title: Mindfulness, Life Skills, Resilience, and Emotional and Behavioral Problems for Gifted Low-Income Adolescents in China.
Title: Onychalgia Causes and Mechanisms: The "GIFTED KID" and the "FOMITE".
Title: Spatially gifted, academically inconvenienced: Spatially talented students experience less academic engagement and more behavioural issues than other talented students.
Title: Crisis of Meaning and Subjective Well-Being: The Mediating Role of Resilience and Self-Control among Gifted Adults.
Title: Avoiding the Thorns of the Gifted Red Rose: Case Report of Late Diagnosis of Polycythemia Rubra Vera in a Sibling Bone Marrow Transplantation Donor for a Patient with Chronic Myeloid Leukemia.
Title: Observation Criteria for Physical Education Teachers to Identify Gifted Children through Invasion Games.
Title: Academic (Under)achievement of Intellectually Gifted Students in the Transition Between Primary and Secondary Education: An Individual Learner Perspective.
Title: Creative, Thus Connected: The Power of Sociometric Creativity on Friendship Formation in Gifted Adolescents-A Longitudinal Network Analysis of Gifted Students.
Title: Differences in Personal, Familial, Social, and School Factors Between Underachieving and Non-underachieving Gifted Secondary Students.
Title: Bringing Giftedness to Bear: Generativity, Meaningfulness, and Self-Control as Resources for a Happy Life Among Gifted Adults.
Title: Subjective Emotional Well-Being, Emotional Intelligence, and Mood of Gifted vs. Unidentified Students: A Relationship Model.
Title: Gifted and Average-Ability Children's Potential for Solving Analogy Items.
Title: Pain Control by Novel Route of Gifted Choice Against Peroral Route.
Title: Differences in working memory between gifted or talented students and community samples: A meta-analysis.
Title: Structural brain network of gifted children has a more integrated and versatile topology.
Title: Cyberbullying in Gifted Students: Prevalence and Psychological Well-Being in a Spanish Sample.
Title: Is planning related to dynamic testing outcomes? Investigating the potential for learning of gifted and average-ability children.
Title: Imidazole and 1,2,4-Triazole-based Derivatives Gifted with Antitubercular Activity: Cytotoxicity and Computational Assessment.
Title: Profiles and academic trajectories of cognitively gifted children with autism spectrum disorder.
Title: Polyphasic classification of the gifted natural product producer Streptomyces roseifaciens sp. nov.
Title: [Why don't we take good care of our less gifted patients?].
Title: The persisting sadness, an inclination to become emotional: the case of inspector Ricciardi gifted with the capacity to feel pain.
Title: On the Relation Between Procedural Learning and Syntactic Proficiency in Gifted Children.
Title: Mathematically Gifted Accelerated Students Participating in an Ability Group: A Qualitative Interview Study.
Title: A neurocomputational model of developmental trajectories of gifted children under a polygenic model: When are gifted children held back by poor environments?
Title: Gifted Students.
Title: Emotional and Behavioral Characteristics of Gifted Children and Their Families.
Title: Short Forms of Wechsler Scales Assessing the Intellectually Gifted Children Using Simulation Data.
Title: Problem Space Matters: Evaluation of a German Enrichment Program for Gifted Children.
Title: Non-cognitive Characteristics of Gifted Students With Learning Disabilities: An In-depth Systematic Review.
Title: High-performing general practice registrars, the gifted and the talented: Helping them to reach their potential.
Title: GIFTed Demons: deformable image registration with local structure-preserving regularization using supervoxels for liver applications.
Title: Faces presenting sadness enhance self-control abilities in gifted adolescents.
Title: The 'gifted' actinomycete Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii.
Title: The Gifted Child.
Title: High-Ability Grouping: Benefits for Gifted Students' Achievement Development Without Costs in Academic Self-Concept.
Title: Paradigm Shifts in Gifted Education: An Examination Vis-à-Vis Its Historical Situatedness and Pedagogical Sensibilities.
Title: Cognitive Profile of Intellectually Gifted Adults: Analyzing the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale.
Title: Identifying Gifted Children: Congruence among Different IQ Measures.
Title: A Gifted Teacher.
Title: Foreign language reading and spelling in gifted students with dyslexia in secondary education.
Title: Translating Interdisciplinary Research on Language Learning into Identifying Specific Learning Disabilities in Verbally Gifted and Average Children and Youth.
Title: Approximate number sense correlates with math performance in gifted adolescents.
Title: Preliminary Report on Neuroanatomical Differences Among Reading Disabled, Nonverbally Gifted, and Gifted-Reading Disabled College Students.
Title: Molecular beacons to identify gifted microbes for genome mining.
Title: Expanding access to gifted education.
Title: Dynamic testing and test anxiety amongst gifted and average-ability children.
Title: Universal screening increases the representation of low-income and minority students in gifted education.
Title: The archaeal "7 kDa DNA-binding" proteins: extended characterization of an old gifted family.
Title: Gifted microbes for genome mining and natural product discovery.
Title: Cultivating the social-emotional imagination in gifted education: insights from educational neuroscience.
Title: Creativity in gifted identification: increasing accuracy and diversity.
Title: [THE GIFTED IN EFFORTS].
Title: NF-κB Blockers Gifted by Mother Nature: Prospectives in Cancer Cell Chemosensitization.
Title: Comparison of the Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (RAVLT) and Digit Test among Typically Achieving and Gifted Students.
Title: When Lightning Strikes Twice: Profoundly Gifted, Profoundly Accomplished.
Title: Testosterone metabolism: a possible biological underpinning of non-verbal IQ in intellectually gifted girls.
Title: [The drawing as a therapeutic mediation tool for gifted children].
Title: Cortical morphometry in frontoparietal and default mode networks in math-gifted adolescents.
Title: Norman Bethune: Gifted Surgeon and a Strange Idealist.
Title: Treating the emotional and motivational inhibition of highly gifted underachievers with music psychotherapy: Meta-analysis of an evaluation study based on a sequential design.
Title: Big fish in big ponds: Contrast and assimilation effects on math and verbal self-concepts of students in within-school gifted tracks.
Title: Historical Vignette: Robert Marcus Gunn (1850-1909): Scottish Ophthalmologist, Skilled Observer, and Gifted Teacher.
Title: Are gifted adolescents more satisfied with their lives than their non-gifted peers?
Title: A Young and Gifted Scientist.
Title: Localization of neural efficiency of the mathematically gifted brain through a feature subset selection method.
Title: BLACK; GIFTED, AND WHOLE. The story of a fallen figure in the fight against HIV continues to affect us.
Title: Risk and protective factors in gifted children with dyslexia.
Title: The Intervening Role of Alexithymia in the Relationship between Attachment Styles and Test Anxiety among Gifted High School Students.
Title: Intelligence and handedness: Meta-analyses of studies on intellectually disabled, typically developing, and gifted individuals.
Title: Neural mechanism of facial expression perception in intellectually gifted adolescents.
Title: Vivien Thomas: master craftsman, gifted teacher, and unsung hero.
Title: Mathematically gifted adolescents mobilize enhanced workspace configuration of theta cortical network during deductive reasoning.
Title: Narrative performance of gifted African American school-aged children from low-income backgrounds.
Title: Exploratory and confirmatory factor analyses of the WISC-IV with gifted students.
Title: Identifying emotional and behavioral risk among gifted and nongifted children: A multi-gate, multi-informant approach.
Title: Optimized Gamma Synchronization Enhances Functional Binding of Fronto-Parietal Cortices in Mathematically Gifted Adolescents during Deductive Reasoning.
Title: High Reading Skills Mask Dyslexia in Gifted Children.
Title: Attentional switching in intellectually gifted and average children: effects on performance and ERP.
Title: Differences between Children with Dyslexia Who Are and Are Not Gifted in Verbal Reasoning.
Title: MbtH homology codes to identify gifted microbes for genome mining.
Title: A neurodevelopmental approach to understanding memory processes among intellectually gifted youth with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Title: Identification as Gifted and Implicit Beliefs About Intelligence: An Examination of Potential Moderators.
Title: An fMRI study of nonverbally gifted reading disabled adults: has deficit compensation effected gifted potential?
Title: The link between logic, mathematics and imagination: evidence from children with developmental dyscalculia and mathematically gifted children.
Title: Mental rotation in intellectually gifted boys is affected by the androgen receptor CAG repeat polymorphism.
Title: Vocational interests of intellectually gifted and highly achieving young adults.
Title: The speed of information processing of 9- to 13-year-old intellectually gifted children.
Title: [A cross-sectional study of trait-anxiety in a group of 111 intellectually gifted children].
Title: Sustained attention in intellectually gifted children assessed using a continuous performance test.
Title: Everyday Welfare in Modern British History Experience, Expertise and Activism
Title: Genetic polymorphisms related to testosterone metabolism in intellectually gifted boys.
Title: Teachers' implicit personality theories about the gifted: an experimental approach.
Title: Increase in Science Research Commitment in a Didactic and Laboratory-Based Program Targeted to Gifted Minority High-School Students.
Title: [Detect the "high potential" child (gifted). Longitudinal retrospective study on 19 children during 18 years in a rural general practitioner office].
Title: Incidence and correlates of receiving cigarettes as gifts and selecting preferred brand because it was gifted: findings from the ITC China Survey.
Title: Efficacy of Methylphenidate in ADHD Children across the Normal and the Gifted Intellectual Spectrum.
Title: Social-emotional characteristics of gifted accelerated and non-accelerated students in the Netherlands.
Title: Cognitive predictors of reading and math achievement among gifted referrals.
Title: College collaboration with gifted programs: deaf studies unit (part 2).
Title: Mentorship: mutual benefits for ASL students and gifted students (part 1).
Title: Perfectionism in gifted students: moderating effects of goal orientation and contingent self-worth.
Title: Gifted students' academic performance in medical school: a study of Olympiad winners.
Title: [Gifted children! How to identify].
Title: Predicting the academic achievement of gifted students with autism spectrum disorder.
Title: NHS IT is at the mercy of the civil service and "gifted amateurism".
Title: The identification and performance of gifted students with learning disability diagnoses: a quantitative synthesis.
Title: Developmental and cognitive characteristics of "high-level potentialities" (highly gifted) children.
Title: [Metacognitive functioning in gifted children].
Title: Young, gifted, and caring: a project narrative of young carers, their mental health, and getting them involved in education, research and practice.
Title: Lab personnel. Technically gifted.
Title: Brief report: life history and neuropathology of a gifted man with Asperger syndrome.
Title: Mathematically gifted adolescents have deficiencies in social valuation and mentalization.
Title: Mathematically gifted adolescents use more extensive and more bilateral areas of the fronto-parietal network than controls during executive functioning and fluid reasoning tasks.
Title: What is the best model for girls and boys faced with a standardized mathematics evaluation situation: a hardworking role model or a gifted role model?
Title: Different gain/loss sensitivity and social adaptation ability in gifted adolescents during a public goods game.
Title: The comparative study of depression between gifted children and normal children.
Title: Rethinking Giftedness and Gifted Education: A Proposed Direction Forward Based on Psychological Science.
Title: Educating the Gifted.
Title: Uniquely gifted or disadvantaged? Co-research with psychiatric nurses and colleagues working as rural family therapists.
Title: Enhanced brain connectivity in math-gifted adolescents: An fMRI study using mental rotation.
Title: [Rashba Olena Iakivna--a gifted scientist and science organizer].
Title: [Alert symptoms and related disorders in gifted children].
Title: Discovering gifted children in pediatric practice.
Title: [Respecting the needs of intellectually gifted children and adolescents].
Title: Parent, teacher, and self perceptions of psychosocial functioning in intellectually gifted children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder.
Title: Ability grouping of gifted students: effects on academic self-concept and boredom.
Title: 'Autistic' local processing bias also found in children gifted in realistic drawing.
Title: The gifted child.
Title: Let us in: Latino underrepresentation in Gifted and Talented Programs.
Title: [Self-esteem, self-centeredness and social-emotional adjustment of gifted children and adolescents].
Title: Work preferences, life values, and personal views of top math/science graduate students and the profoundly gifted: Developmental changes and gender differences during emerging adulthood and parenthood.
Title: The gifted: clinical challenges for child psychiatry.
Title: Sensory sensitivities of gifted children.
Title: Electrophysiological correlates for response inhibition in intellectually gifted children: a Go/NoGo study.
Title: Gifted and talented students' career aspirations and influences: a systematic review of the literature.
Title: Mathematical sciences. Senate majority leader hands NSF a gift to serve the exceptionally gifted.
Title: An evaluation of a behavioural parenting intervention for parents of gifted children.
Title: The drama of the gifted disease.
Title: Measurement Invariance of the Chinese Gifted Rating Scales: Teacher and Parent Forms.
Title: [Skvyrs'ka Etel Berkivna--a gifted researcher and pedagogue (to the 100th anniversary of birthday)].
Title: Parenting gifted and talented children: what are the key child behaviour and parenting issues?
Title: The Reliability and Validity of a Spanish Translated Version of the Gifted Rating Scales.
Title: Validation of the Gifted Rating Scales-School Form in China.
Title: [Oleksandr Solomonovych Tsyperovych--gifted enzymologist, scientist and practician].
Title: Big fish in big ponds: a multilevel analysis of test anxiety and achievement in special gifted classes.
Title: The Gifted Rating Scales-School Form: A Validation Study Based on Age, Gender, and Race.
Title: Identifying Young Gifted Children Using the Gifted Rating Scales-Preschool/Kindergarten Form.
Title: [School problems in gifted children and adolescents].
Title: Chris Barnard--a personal tribute to a gifted heart surgeon and a great intellect.
Title: The relationship of intelligence to executive function and non-executive function measures in a sample of average, above average, and gifted youth.
Title: Thinking styles of gifted and nongifted students in Iran.
Title: Dr. Alfred Ketcham: a most gifted physician and surgeon.
Title: Differences in EEG between gifted and average students: neural complexity and functional cluster analysis.
Title: [The highly gifted persons study by Adele Juda 1927-1955. Pinnacle and end of psychiatric genius research in Germany].
Title: [Link between depression and academic self-esteem in gifted children].
Title: [Focus on difficulties encountered by gifted children].
Title: Effects of Math Anxiety and Perfectionism on Timed versus Untimed Math Testing in Mathematically Gifted Sixth Graders.
Title: Two-phase survey of eating disorders in gifted dance and non-dance high-school students in Taiwan.
Title: The Gifted Rating Scales-Preschool/Kindergarten Form: An Analysis of the Standardization Sample Based on Age, Gender, and Race.
Title: Gifted students with learning disabilities: who are they?
Title: [Volodymyr Oleksandrovych Bielitser--a gifted scientist and outstanding biochemist, a founder of the scientific school].
Title: A tribute to a gifted scholar, Anne Hudson, who has made revolutionary advances in healthcare and patient safety in our nation.
Title: Gordon Elliott (Tony) Fogg (1919-2005): pioneering plant physiologist and gifted writer.
Title: Differences in brain information transmission between gifted and normal children during scientific hypothesis generation.
Title: Re: "Childhood cognitive performance and risk of mortality: a prospective cohort study of gifted individuals".
Title: [Behavior disorders of the gifted child].
Title: [Gifted children in difficulty: from attention deficit hyperactivity disorder to depression and school failure].
Title: [Do health services require "divinely gifted leaders"--or is professional competence enough].
Title: [Gifted children and the family physician].
Title: [Gifted children or children at risk?].
Title: Ontogenetic features of the psychophysiological mechanisms of perception of the emotional component of speech in musically gifted children.
Title: Performance anxiety in gifted adolescent musicians.
Title: Discovering gifted children in pediatric practice.
Title: Childhood cognitive performance and risk of mortality: a prospective cohort study of gifted individuals.
Title: Mathematically gifted male adolescents activate a unique brain network during mental rotation.
Title: Development and validation of a music performance anxiety inventory for gifted adolescent musicians.
Title: Outstanding Scientist of the Year 2005: William Spotnitz, gifted scientist, inventor, and cardiothoracic and vascular surgeon.
Title: Rural gifted students who are deaf or hard of hearing: how electronic technology can help.
Title: Behavioural, academic and neuropsychological profile of normally gifted Neurofibromatosis type 1 children.
Title: Long-distance learning: Ralph the washing machine repair man: a gifted teacher.
Title: Levels of emotional awareness scale among Iranian gifted and nongifted high school students.
Title: [Ontogenetic features of psychophysiological mechanisms of perception of speech emotional component in musically gifted children].
Title: [5 years educational focus on promotion of gifted children in health specialty careers--a success story].
Title: Assessing potentially gifted students from lower socioeconomic status with nonverbal measures of intelligence.
Title: Label of 'autism' could hold back gifted children.
Title: Interhemispheric interaction during global-local processing in mathematically gifted adolescents, average-ability youth, and college students.
Title: US postdocs: young, gifted....and broke.
Title: Gifted and Talented Children: A Planning Guide.
Title: Alternative method of gifted identification using the AMI: an apparatus for measuring internal meridians and their corresponding organs.
Title: Development of mental attention in gifted and mainstream children: the role of mental capacity, inhibition, and speed of processing.
Title: Pierre Marie: gifted intellect, poor timing and unchecked emotionality.
Title: [Management of a gifted child].
Title: [Life satisfaction in 28 intellectually gifted persons aged 65 and over].
Title: Ronald W. Estabrook: gifted scientist with the same versatile, energetic, and colorful qualities as cytochrome P450.
Title: Project Eagle: techniques for multi-family psycho-educational group therapy with gifted American Indian adolescents and their parents.
Title: [The gifted child, detection and management].
Title: Donor-gifted allograft urolithiasis: early percutaneous management.
Title: C.L. Shear: Gifted Mycologist, Plant Pathologist, and APS Founder.
Title: Young, gifted.and spurned.
Title: Top 1 in 10,000: a 10-year follow-up of the profoundly gifted.
Title: The gifted child.
Title: Identification of gifted deaf children: a complex but critical educational process.
Title: The Arkansas healer. One gifted surgeon proves you need not go to medical meccas for top-notch care.
Title: The Big-Fish-Little-Pond Effect for Academic Self-Concept, Test Anxiety, and School Grades in Gifted Children.
Title: Being labeled as gifted, self-appraisal, and psychological well-being: a life span developmental perspective.
Title: Lessons in gene transfer to plants by a gifted microbe.
Title: Why students drop out of the pipeline to health professions careers: a follow-up of gifted minority high school students.
Title: Feelings and attitudes of gifted students.
Title: A Comparison of the Oral Narrative Abilities of Underachieving and High-Achieving Gifted Adolescents: A Preliminary Investigation.
Title: The global scourge of land mines left thousands limbless, and then two gifted Indians developed the $28 foot.
Title: Family therapy with intellectually and creatively gifted children.
Title: Factor analyses of handedness items in left and right-handed intellectually gifted and nongifted children.
Title: [What does poorly gifted mean?].
Title: [Differentiate between the mildly gifted and the mildly retarded].
Title: Gifted children with learning disabilities: a review of the issues.
Title: Gifted and talented children: issues for pediatricians.
Title: Self-Efficacy Beliefs and Mathematical Problem-Solving of Gifted Students.
Title: Developmentally advanced EEG alpha power in gifted male and female adolescents.
Title: Scores on self-actualization for gifted junior high school students.
Title: Gifted public servants.
Title: Gifted public servants.
Title: Gifted public servants.
Title: Gifted public servants.
Title: Features of the architectonics of motor speech fields of the brain of gifted people in relation to the study of the individual variability of the structure of the human brain.
Title: [The cytoarchitectonic characteristics of the frontal fields of the brain in gifted people].
Title: Neuropsychological characteristics of learning disabled/gifted children.
Title: Differential categorization of words by learning disabled, gifted, and nonexceptional students.
Title: Gifted and talented: fourth-, fifth-, and sixth-grade students' evaluations of a gifted program.
Title: [Ignatius of Loyola--gifted or mentally ill?].
Title: Assisting with school placement and intervention for children with special needs--from disabled to gifted.
Title: Stability of vocational interests among the intellectually gifted from adolescence to adulthood: a 15-year longitudinal study.
Title: "I am neither general nor diplomat": reflections on the Persian Gulf War by gifted Canadian adolescents.
Title: Donor-gifted allograft lithiasis: extracorporeal shockwave lithotripsy with over table module using the Lithostar Plus.
Title: [Gifted children and dysharmonious development].
Title: Concurrent finger-tapping in mathematically gifted males: evidence for enhanced right hemisphere involvement during linguistic processing.
Title: Visual and motor functions in graphically gifted savants.
Title: Intellectually gifted elementary students' perceptions of leadership.
Title: Correlations among scores on the Matrix Analogies Test--Short Form and the WISC--R with gifted youth.
Title: Persons who most impress gifted youth: a replication.
Title: [The cytoarchitectonic characteristics of the speech center of the brain in gifted people in the plan to study individual variability of human brain structure].
Title: Correlations of scores on the Gifted Evaluation Scale with those on WISC-III and Kaufman Brief Intelligence Test for students referred for Gifted Evaluation.
Title: [Especially gifted: especially happy, especially satisfied? On the self-concept of highly gifted and average children].
Title: Moral reasoning and personality components in gifted and average students.
Title: A longitudinal study of intellectually gifted deaf and hard of hearing people. Educational, psychological, and career outcomes.
Title: Giftedness. Parents and schools should provide for gifted children.
Title: Deficits in auditory sequential processing found for both gifted and average IQ reading-impaired boys.
Title: Learning styles of gifted adolescents with in-school versus out-of-school accomplishments in literature.
Title: Effects of trait anxiety and the scamper technique on creative thinking of intellectually gifted students.
Title: Gifted girls in a rural community: math attitudes and career options.
Title: Long latency event-related potentials (P300) in gifted children.
Title: Self-concept and academic performance in gifted and academically weak students.
Title: Can we create gifted people?
Title: Meeting the needs of gifted and talented preschoolers.
Title: Specific and diversive curiosity in gifted elementary students.
Title: Knowledge of chemical abuse and AIDS among gifted junior high school students in Little Rock.
Title: Medical complications in pregnancy and delivery of gifted children.
Title: Gifted children.
Title: Identifying Hispanic gifted children using the Screening Assessment for Gifted Elementary Students.
Title: The general intelligence and spatial abilities of gifted young Belgian chess players.
Title: General, social, and academic self-concepts of gifted adolescents.
Title: Perceptual and academic patterns of learning-disabled/gifted students.
Title: Differences in semantic event-related potentials in learning-disabled, normal, and gifted children.
Title: A comparative study of the learning style preferences of students with learning disabilities and students who are gifted.
Title: Psychosocial adjustment among intellectually gifted adolescents: the role of cognitive-developmental and experiential factors.
Title: Depression, general anxiety, test anxiety, and rigidity of gifted junior high and high school children.
Title: Self-control in a sample of elementary school-age gifted youth.
Title: Locus of control in rural southern elementary gifted students.
Title: Completed suicide in the gifted: a late comment on "suicide among gifted women".
Title: Comparison of self-concepts of students identified as gifted and regular students.
Title: Alfred Reginald Allen: the mythic career of a gifted neuroscientist.
Title: Factor analysis of responses to the WISC-R for gifted children.
Title: Helping gifted black males succeed in science.
Title: Self-actualization of gifted youth as measured on the reflections of self by youth.
Title: An analysis of WISC-R factors for gifted students with learning disabilities.
Title: Three wishes of gifted and nongifted adolescents.
Title: Self-consciousness, self-esteem and depression of gifted school children.
Title: Test-retest stability of WISC-R IQs among young gifted students.
Title: A gifted teacher and storyteller writes about his medical adventures.
Title: Loneliness, coping strategies and cognitive styles of the gifted rural adolescent.
Title: Daydreaming and curiosity: stability and change in gifted children and adolescents.
Title: Relationship between perceived parental behaviors and the self-esteem of gifted children.
Title: Learning style, repeated stimuli, and originality in intellectually gifted adolescents.
Title: Pre-school assessment of gifted children.
Title: The legacy of the gifted teacher.
Title: Math magazine for gifted students.
Title: Metamemory, memory performance, and causal attributions in gifted and average children.
Title: Gifted and nongifted race and gender effects on item functioning on the Kaufman Assessment Battery for Children.
Title: The effects of central processing strategies on learning disabled, mildly retarded, average, and gifted children's elaborative encoding abilities.
Title: A comparison of parent and teacher nomination of gifted hearing-impaired students.
Title: Comparison of group measures in identification of rural, culturally diverse gifted students.
Title: Comparison of the 1979 and the 1986 norms on the Standard Progressive Matrices for economically disadvantaged students: implications for identification of gifted children.
Title: Effects of the Scamper technique on anxiety and creative thinking of intellectually gifted students.
Title: Correlations among measures of cognitive ability, creativity, and academic achievement for gifted minority children.
Title: National agenda for educating gifted students: statement of priorities.
Title: Relation of life goals at age 70 to activity participation and health and psychological well-being among Terman's gifted men and women.
Title: Independence and the creative potential of gifted and exceptionally gifted boys.
Title: [Musically gifted children].
Title: Environmental influence on the writing of gifted high school girls.
Title: Stereotypes of social isolation and early burnout in the gifted: Do they still exist?
Title: The epistemological orientation of gifted adolescents: an empirical test of Perry's model.
Title: Neurobiological findings in 20 relatively gifted children with Kanner-type autism or Asperger syndrome.
Title: Meet the "chronologically gifted".
Title: The gifted child: problem or privilege.
Title: The cognitive processing of gifted, high average, and low average ability students.
Title: Sir Francis Galton: pioneer in gifted education.
Title: The gifted child.
Title: [Special programs for the gifted or support for the elite?].
Title: Students Perception of Ability Scale: comparison of scores for gifted, average, and learning disabled students.
Title: Spatial representations in mathematically and in artistically gifted children.
Title: Perceptual learning by educable mentally retarded, average, and gifted children of primary school age.
Title: Suicide among gifted women: a prospective study.
Title: Gifted children and Visual Aural Digit Span test performance.
Title: Up-date on gifted children.
Title: The gifted dyslexic.
Title: Career awareness and personal development: a naturalistic study of gifted adolescent girls' concerns.
Title: A national survey of programs for intellectually and academically gifted hearing-impaired students.
Title: Educational options for gifted children.
Title: The gifted learning disabled child: not a paradox.
Title: Problems of gifted children.
Title: Identifying gifted children: the state of the art.
Title: Gifted children--the pediatrician's role.
Title: Age/grade differences in gifted children's attitudes toward the handicapped.
Title: Gifted or dysfunctional: the child savant.
Title: Biofeedback and gifted children: an initial investigation.
Title: Gifted students and behavior modification.
Title: Social orientation and the social self-esteem of gifted and talented female adolescents.
Title: The relationship between electromyogram level and the Children's Personality Questionnaire as measures of tension in upper elementary gifted students.
Title: Identifying gifted preschoolers.
Title: A program for the gifted: academic precocity.
Title: Academic and social self-concepts of gifted, general, and special students.
Title: Role of style of learning and thinking and self directed learning readiness in the achievement of gifted students.
Title: Providing services for rural gifted children.
Title: Gifted children--how to help in the pre-school years.
Title: The relationship between life goals at thirty and perceptions of goal attainment and life satisfaction at seventy for gifted men and women.
Title: Short-term effects of early programming for the young gifted handicapped child.
Title: Use of self-generated and supplied visuals as mnemonics in gifted children's learning.
Title: Gifted children benefit from health classes accelerated to their needs.
Title: Emotional problems of the gifted child.
Title: CPQ personality factors of upper elementary gifted students.
Title: Gifted adolescents: An analysis of their psychosocial development.
Title: Gifted children: bright young things.
Title: Self-Concept in Mathematically Gifted Adolescents.
Title: Comparability of self-concept among learning disabled, normal, and gifted students.
Title: The gifted preschool child.
Title: The gifted child: a psychodynamic profile.
Title: Young, gifted...and a mother.
Title: Effects of cooperative and individualistic instruction on the achievement of handicapped, regular, and gifted students.
Title: Strategic behaviors in selecting retrieval cues in gifted, normal achieving and learning-disabled children.
Title: Depression and self-actualization of gifted adolescents.
Title: [Gifted children].
Title: [Gifted children. Psychological and psychopathological aspects (author's transl)].
Title: Lifetime achievement patterns, retirement and life satisfaction of gifted aged women.
Title: The effect of freedom on the learning of gifted nursing students.
Title: Gifted children with handicapping conditions: a new frontier.
Title: Media design for the gifted hearing impaired.
Title: The gifted hearing-impaired student.
Title: Use of educational media in preparing "gifted" hearing-impaired children for early mainstreaming.
Title: School-wide talented and gifted program for the deaf.
Title: How the use of media will develop the "gift of gab" in gifted hearing-impaired students.
Title: Reaching for that golden ring: some thoughts on educating gifted/talented handicapped students.
Title: Programming strategies for pupils with disabilities who are gifted.
Title: [Gifted children (author's transl)].
Title: Samuel Cate Prescott: -pioneer food technologist -gifted teacher -poet, humanist -Mr.MIT -friend to many.
Title: A new visibility for gifted children.
Title: Psychoanalysis of a severe neurotic learning disturbance in a gifted adolescent boy.
Title: Gifted children.
Title: The handedness distributions of gifted and non-gifted children.
Title: Extrapolated Stanford-Binet IQs for mentally retarded and mentally gifted individuals.
Title: Factor analysis of the WISC-R for the gifted.
Title: Gifted students' self-images as a function of identification procedure, race, and sex.
Title: Identification of the mentally gifted minor deaf child in the public school system.
Title: Disease and ability: the gifted and the damned.
Title: Advanced social role-taking and cognitive development in gifted adults.
Title: The gifted child.
Title: [Twenty years of studying the psychopathology of gifted and super-intellectual children in a psychotherapeutic boarding school (author's transl)].
Title: [The National Association for Gifted Children in the United Kingdom (author's transl)].
Title: [Children: gifted, exceptionally gifted, cheated (author's transl)].
Title: [Exceptionally-gifted children. Introduction].
Title: [Exceptionally-gifted children. Bibliography].
Title: How to find hands gifted for ocular surgery?
Title: Rethinking the issues regarding the culturally disadvantaged gifted.
Title: The pre-school age gifted child.
Title: The drama of the gifted child and the psycho-analyst's narcissistic disturbance.
Title: Extrapolated general cognitive indexes on the McCarthy scales for gifted and mentally retarded children.
Title: Work ethic of gifted black adolescents.
Title: The education of gifted and talented children: a status report.
Title: Profile: the National Association for Gifted Children.
Title: [The gifted child as a catalyzer in development].
Title: Locus of control and generosity in learning disabled, normal achieving, and gifted children.
Title: Gifted to care: a respect-life program.
Title: The gifted child.
Title: An experimental program for the promotion of gifted children in elementary schools.
Title: Recognising and understanding gifted children.
Title: Two approaches to identification of gifted students.
Title: Parental perception and self-concept of gifted and average underachievers.
Title: Cerebral dominance in disabled readers, good readers, and gifted children: search for a valid model.
Title: Recognizing the gifted child.
Title: Sources of life satisfactions of the Terman gifted men.
Title: Personality characteristics of gifted Israeli children.
Title: [My experiences as school psychologist with "gifted failures". Premature schooling and removal from one school to another as a reason for school failures].
Title: Education of the gifted and talented.
Title: [The world of the gifted].
Title: Editorial: Gifted children.
Title: The gifted child--a problem of recognition.
Title: Extrapolated WISC-R IQs for gifted and mentally retarded children.
Title: Use of a factored biographical inventory to identify differentially gifted adolescents.
Title: Education and the gifted child.
Title: Biographical correlates of the creative personality: gifted adolescents.
Title: Introversion-extraversion and neuroticism in gifted and ungifted art students.
Title: Gifted children.
Title: Do gifted children speak an intellectual dialect?
Title: A docent program in science for gifted elementary pupils.
Title: Attitudes of young gifted boys and girls toward handicapped individuals.
Title: An independent study-seminar program for the gifted.
Title: The WPPSI and the Stanford-Binet: a validity and reliability study using gifted preschool children.
Title: Cognitive development and parental loss among the gifted, the exceptionally gifted and the creative.
Title: Changing attitudes of young mentally gifted children toward handicapped persons.
Title: Gifted children in the primary school.
Title: Dr. Paul T. Dawson, gifted dentist, extraordinary teacher and dedicated man.
Title: Cognitive and affective patterns of emphasis in gifted and average Illinois classes.
Title: Effects of readiness on incidental learning in EMR, norm, and gifted children.
Title: [Work with a group of gifted children with reading and spelling difficulties in Cologne. (A preliminary model for discussion of advance special educational systems in present and future schools)].
Title: Personality profiles of gifted women: psychologists.
Title: [Analysis of the somatic and psychic growth of less-gifted children based on quantitative studies].
Title: Summary analysis of state laws for gifted children.
Title: Programing for the gifted child.
Title: [On various humorous creations of a gifted child].
Title: Identifying key features in programs for the gifted.
Title: Developmental stages for decoding symmetry in retarded and gifted children.
Title: WISC and WPPSI IQS for the gifted.
Title: Attitudes of some gifted adults, future rehabilitation counselors, and rehabilitation professors toward disabilities.
Title: The fulfillment of promise: 40-year follow-up of the Terman gifted group.
Title: [On school failure due to the inhibition of intellectual activity in gifted children].
Title: [Psychopathologic reactions in gifted children].
Title: [Psychopedagogics of the gifted child].
Title: [Continuous contact with the external world. An experiment in the treatment of medium-grade less-gifted children].
Title: [Gifted children 10 to 14 years old: problems of individuation and adaptation].
Title: Creative writing and the gifted child.
Title: Opinions of gifted students regarding secondary school programs.
Title: The superiorly gifted student. Summary of discussions.
Title: Intellectual and academic characteristics of fourth grade gifted and pseudogifted students.
Title: Wastage of ability amongst the intellectually gifted.
Title: Some aspects of a study of the gifted child.
Title: Experiences in historical research and changes in self evaluations of gifted children.
Title: Issues in the identification of the gifted.
Title: The interpersonal values of parents of achieving and nonachieving gifted children.
Title: Enrichment activities in health education for intellectually gifted pupils, grades one to nine.
Title: Enrichment activities in health education for intellectually gifted pupils, grades one to nine.
Title: Trends in the preparation of teachers of the gifted.
Title: The Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965: potential for serving the gifted.
Title: Upper and lower status gifted children: a study of differences.
Title: EMOTIONAL AND SOCIAL ADJUSTMENT OF MARGINALLY GIFTED GIRLS IN A SPECIAL SCHOOL.
Title: Our gifted students.
Title: THE SAAC STORY; A NEW APPROACH TO EDUCATING THE GIFTED.
Title: [Gifted failures in high school].
Title: ACCELERATION FOR THE GIFTED?A BRIEF NOTE ON THE USE OF EVIDENCE.
Title: PHYSIQUES OF GIFTED CHILDREN AND THEIR LESS GIFTED SIBLINGS.
Title: EDUCATION OF THE GIFTED IN THE USSR.
Title: ATTITUDES OF UNIVERSITY FACULTY, ADMINISTRATORS, TEACHERS, SUPERVISORS AND UNIVERSITY STUDENTS TOWARD THE GIFTED.
Title: TOM: A GIFTED UNDER-ACHIEVING CHILD.
Title: NORMS FOR MATHEMATICALLY GIFTED ADOLESCENTS ON THE CONCEPT MASTERY TEST.
Title: ENRICHMENT FOR GIFTED PUPILS--ITS NATURE AND NURTURE.
Title: YOUTH-PARENT RELATIONS OF MATHEMATICALLY-GIFTED ADOLESCENTS.
Title: ANXIETY AND ACHIEVEMENT OF INTELLECTUALLY GIFTED AND CREATIVELY GIFTED CHILDREN.
Title: SOME RESEARCH-RELATED THOUGHTS ON EDUCATION OF THE GIFTED.
Title: Norms of gifted adolescents on the Rotter incomplete sentence blank.
Title: [The educability of the moderately gifted school child].
Title: MMPI profiles of gifted adolescents.
Title: Environmental factors in creative function. A study of gifted children.
Title: Curriculum frontiers for the elementary gifted pupil ... flying monkeys and silent lions.
Title: The inner life of the extremely gifted child, as seen from the clinical setting.
Title: Incidental learning of educable mentally retarded and gifted children.
Title: [Children's drawings in court proceedings; observations on the drawings of a highly gifted 7-year-old].
Title: Gifted children: The latest report of the terman studies.
Title: A gifted country practitioner: Francis ADAMS of Banchory (1796-1861).
Title: [Production by the fetus and localization of cells gifted with restorative activity on irradiated mice].
Title: A multidimensional study of mathematically gifted adolescents.
Title: Problems of adjustment of gifted children.
Title: Personality attributes of gifted college students.
Title: [Adjustment difficulties of exceptionally gifted children].
Title: Walter D. Bonner, Scholar, Chemist, Gifted Teacher.
Title: Discovery of the gifted child; new materials and techniques for the early detection of unusual intellectual ability.
Title: Abstract thinking and object relations with special reference to the use of abstraction as a regressive defense in highly gifted individuals.
Title: Ernst Kris and the gifted adolescent project.
Title: Counseling parents of gifted children.
Title: Gifted children; our greatest resource.
Title: Problems of gifted children.
Title: [Case of especially gifted epileptic].
Title: The maintenance of intellectual ability in gifted adults.
Title: Three gifted children: a developmental study.
Title: A fully mature electroencephalogram (EEG) in a highly gifted five year old girl.
Title: [Pharmacodynamics of 2-[N-(2-chloroethyl)-N-ethylamino]-methyl-1,4-benzodioxan, a substance with predominantly atropinic action (parasympatholytic and acetylcholinolytic) and gifted with adrenolytic and sympatholytic properties].
Title: [Some gifted children seen in the light of the Rorschach test; clinico-psychological study].
Title: Some special ability test scores of gifted children.
Title: Prestige motivation of gifted children.
Title: Rorschach study of the gifted child; a survey of the literature.
Title: A gifted and inspiring teacher.
Title: A survey of educational provisions for young gifted children in the United States, and of studies and problems related thereto.
Title: The gifted child.
Title: [Mistakes in clinicopsychological diagnosis; mental and emotional backwardness in a young girl considered very gifted, but clumsy].
Title: An evaluation of the adult intellectual status of Terman's gifted children.
Title: [Selective Techniques For the Systematic Research In Nature, Of Gifted Microorganisms, Either Of Antibiotic Properties, Either Of Antibacterial Properties, Or Of Antagonistic Properties Of Antibiotics].
Title: The Rôle of Mental Measurement in the Discovery and Motivation of the Gifted Student.
Title: THE GIFTED STUDENT AND RESEARCH.
Title: Seven Years with Unusually Gifted Pupils.
