Title: Editorial: Genetic underpinnings of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's: insights and innovations.
Title: Evaluating long non-coding RNA signatures as biomarkers for inflammatory pathway regulation and rehabilitative outcomes in Parkinson's disease: toward a precision medicine approach.
Title: Anti-Inflammatory and Neuroprotective Effects of a Novel Water-Soluble Formulation of Coenzyme-Q10 and Ashwagandha Root Extract in a Paraquat-Induced Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Transdermal delivery of pramipexole dihydrochloride using dissolving polymeric microneedle patches for improved Parkinson's disease management.
Title: Mechanistic multiscale modeling identifies putative natural tri-target candidates of MAO-B, LRRK2 and A₂A for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Hippocampal atrophy in untreated de novo Parkinson's disease with obstructive sleep apnea.
Title: The Clinical Significance of Thyroid Uptake in 123I- meta-iodobenzylguanidine Scintigraphy in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Exploring the association between interoceptive awareness and neuropsychiatric symptoms in people living with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Risk Is Not Destiny: Unmasked Penetrance of Parkinson Disease in Gaucher Disease.
Title: Age-Specific Parkinson Disease Risk in Gaucher Disease Type 1: Data From the ICGG Gaucher Registry.
Title: The Influence of Progressive Speech Rehabilitation Combined with Personalised Noise-Reduced Auditory Scenery on Language Function and Gait Outcomes in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Advances in sex-specific single-cell transcriptomic profiling in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Risk of Alzheimer Disease and Other Dementias in Patients With Parkinson Disease: A Nationwide Cohort Study.
Title: Gastrointestinal symptoms in Parkinson's disease treated in a controlled trial using traditional Chinese medicine (Jia-Wei-Ji-Chuan-Jian decoction) with network pharmacology analysis of active agents and mechanism of action.
Title: From Motor Effectors to Action Networks: SCAN Reshapes Parkinson's Disease Pathophysiology.
Title: An epidemiological study of Parkinson's disease in Chinese older adults using the Global Burden of Disease and China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study databases.
Title: Advances in Microneedle Technology for Targeted Therapy in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Rational Design of (Oxadiazol-2-yl) Thiazolidin-4-one Derivatives for Parkinson's Disease: Insights from MD Simulations and Quantum Studies.
Title: From Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative to Parkinson's Precision Medicine Initiative: Still PPMI.
Title: Reduced Expression of Immune Response Genes in Neural Cells with Mutations in the PARK2 Gene in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Gut-Brain Connection: Exploring the Connection Between the Gastrointestinal System and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effect of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation associated to exercise for pain in Parkinson's disease: a randomized crossover clinical trial.
Title: PRKN/parkin-mediated control of SNCA (synuclein alpha) and chaperone-mediated autophagy are defective in cellular, mice models and Parkinson disease-affected brains.
Title: Regional features in the treatment of Parkinson's disease in the Baltic States compared to Germany.
Title: Hypothalamic orexigenic and anorexigenic neuropeptides in the rotenone model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Branched-chain amino acids ameliorate CD4
Title: Effects of Remotely Supervised Home-Based High-Speed Bodyweight Resistance Training on Bradykinesia in Individuals With Parkinson Disease: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effects of Tai Chi on core motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease: A three-armed randomized controlled trial.
Title: Risk of Parkinson's disease in patients with schizophrenia: Impact of antipsychotic medication use.
Title: Beyond Amyloids: Neuroprotective Potential of Betanin and its Derivatives Against Alpha-Synuclein Aggregates and ROS Overload in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Clinical study on the interaction between iron metabolism and neuroinflammation and iron deposition in the substantia nigra of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Digital monitoring of motor function in Parkinson's disease using Markerless motion analysis and exergaming.
Title: Brain B Vitamin Status and One-Carbon Metabolism Gene Polymorphisms are Associated with Cognitive Impairment in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Single cell eQTL mapping reveals convergent glial-neuronal risk architecture in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Serum GDF-15 Levels Correlate With Motor and Nonmotor Symptom Domains and Overall Disease Severity in Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Genetic and Proteomic Investigation of the Smoking-Parkinson's Disease Association.
Title: Common pathogenic mechanisms in the hippocampus across neurodegenerative dementias: Alzheimer's disease, Down syndrome, and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Huntington's Disease with Parkinson-Like Symptoms and Abnormal [ 
Title: Using Digital Outcomes to Measure Meaningful Aspects of Health in Clinical Trials for Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review.
Title: Exploring the Involvement of PINK1 in Parkinson's Disease: A Scanning Tunnelling Microscopy Study of Electron Transfer in Synthetic DNA Samples.
Title: Homogenous Cell Transplantation Trials in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Copper Overload Affects α-Synuclein Clearance Mechanisms in a Parkinson's Disease In Vitro Model.
Title: Novel Insights Into the Association Between Parkinson's Disease and Constipation: Role of SHMT2 as a Promising Biomarker.
Title: Phenotype-Specific Screening Model for Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Rethinking Mitochondrial Parkinson's Disease in the α-Synuclein Seed Amplification Assays Era.
Title: Motor-Derived Digital Biomarkers for Identifying Low-MoCA Status in People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Integrating GPS and Accelerometry to Capture Life-Space Mobility in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Neuromodulatory Effects of Substantia Nigra Pars Reticulata Deep Brain Stimulation (SNr-DBS) in the 6-Hydroxydopamine Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Quantitative and Qualitative MRI Assessment of Perivascular Spaces in Parkinson's Disease Patients.
Title: Dietary Intake of Patients with Parkinson's Disease in Lithuania.
Title: Dietary Yam (
Title: Enrichment of Rare Variants in Nuclear-Encoded Mitochondrial Metabolism Genes in Patients with Early-Onset or Familial Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Genetic Associations of Parkinson's Disease Clinical, Pathological, and Data-Driven Subtypes.
Title: Correction: Tang et al. Treadmill Exercise Alleviates Cognition Disorder by Activating the FNDC5: Dual Role of Integrin αV/β5 in Parkinson's Disease. 
Title: Gut-Brain Signaling in Parkinson's Disease: A Narrative Review.
Title: LRRK2 I1371V Mutation Drives Astrocytic Glucose Metabolism Failure and Induces Integrated ER-Mitochondria-Lysosome Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dopaminergic Identity of SH-SY5Y Cells Across Differentiation Protocols in Parkinson's Disease Research: A Systematic Review.
Title: Integrating Weighted Gene Co-Expression Network and Differential Expression Analyses to Unveil the Role of RNA m6A Methylation Regulators in Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease in Latin America.
Title: Synergistic Effects of Multi-Kinase Inhibition on 
Title: The T Allele of the HNMT C314T Polymorphism Is Associated with a Reduced Risk of Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease in Mexican Patients.
Title: The Cortical Contributions to Turning Performance Through Muscle Synergies in Parkinson's Disease: A Mediation Study.
Title: Machine-Learning-Based Targeted Plasma Proteomic Analysis for Predicting Motor Progression in Parkinson's Disease: An Interpretable Approach to Personalized Disease Management.
Title: Potential Protection Against Parkinson's Disease by Ergothioneine-Nature's Multifactorial Neuroprotectant.
Title: Association between food insecurity and Parkinson's disease: A cross-sectional analysis of nationally representative data.
Title: People With Parkinson's Disease Who Freeze Exhibit Altered Quality of Daily-Life Walking Compared to Those Without Freezing.
Title: Targeting P2X purinergic receptors with suramin alleviates rotenone-induced Parkinson's-like pathology via modulation of mitophagy and NLRP3-pyroptosis: Comparison with metformin.
Title: Descriptive analysis of mortality due to Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer disease in Argentina.
Title: Reconsidering peripheral immune markers in Parkinson's disease: Methodological reflections on recent findings.
Title: Adaptive regression model for Parkinson's disease diagnosis from speech signals using Box-Cox-based clustering and extremely randomization.
Title: Varying patterns of association between cortical large-scale networks and subthalamic nucleus activity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Machine learning based multi-omics analysis reveals key molecular determinants of Parkinson's disease severity.
Title: Deep-learning saturation transfer magnetic resonance fingerprinting (ST-MRF) in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: 3DCNN-SL framework for the diagnosis of Parkinson's disease using frequency-preserving 3D EEG tensors.
Title: Unveiling the causal pathway of Parkinson's disease dysphonia: A voice causal generative model (VCGM) approach.
Title: Stem Cell-Derived Exosomes Regulate Mitochondrial Function: A Novel Strategy for Parkinson's Disease Therapy.
Title: Regulation of HSP90AA1/NRF2 by BDNF Contributes to the Attenuation of Rotenone-Induced Oxidative Stress in Parkinson's Disease Models.
Title: Socio-Occupational Functioning after Subthalamic Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Early Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Neurology Under Fire: What About Parkinson's Disease in Wartime?
Title: A Brainstem Radiomics Framework to Distinguish Progressive Supranuclear Palsy from Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Unraveling the role of non-coding RNAs in Parkinson's disease: Molecular mechanisms and therapeutic insights.
Title: Methodological considerations in the study of peripheral blood immune cells and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Piezoelectric neuromodulation of the subthalamic nucleus ameliorates motor and nonmotor symptoms of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Exploring the fatigue phenomenon in individuals with Parkinson's disease: an Italian multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Depression and anxiety among patients with Parkinson's disease: A cross-sectional study in a Saudi population.
Title: Functional alterations of peripheral blood CD4+ T lymphocyte subsets in patients with Parkinson disease: A review.
Title: Levodopa-accelerated frailty: a hypothesis for a cumulative iatrogenic burden in Parkinson's disease.
Title: LIFETIME JEM-DERIVED OCCUPATIONAL EXPOSURE BURDEN AND ODDS OF PARKINSON'S DISEASE AND PARKINSONISM IN A MATCHED CASE-CONTROL STUDY.
Title: Neuroimaging of the monoaminergic system in Parkinson's disease: A narrative review.
Title: Deep brain stimulation in 
Title: High-efficacy serum biomarkers PCSK9 and LCAT predict cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Enteral Nutrition in Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease and Atypical Parkinsonism: A Systematic Review.
Title: Prebiotic intervention changes host and microbe proteomes in plasma extracellular vesicles of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The influence of beta-amyloid and tau proteins on cognitive changes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multimodal Intelligent Monitoring of Parkinson Disease: Scoping Review of Progress and Translational Challenges.
Title: Cognitive processes and neurophysiological mechanisms of time processing in Parkinson's disease: A narrative review.
Title: Energy metabolic failure drives the selective degeneration of dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Everyday and task-based cognition shape emotion regulation effectiveness in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Preserved cardiovascular autonomic function predicts the response to initial MAO-B inhibitor treatment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impaired sleep microarchitecture is associated with locus coeruleus degeneration in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Development of the Digital Cognitive Screen, Parkinson's Cognition (Par-Cog).
Title: Abnormal swallowing-breathing coordination is an electrokinesiographic feature of dysphagia in multiple system atrophy: a comparative study with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comment on - Bisphosphonate use is associated with reduced fracture rates in a cohort of patients with Parkinson's disease: clinical caveats beyond a one-year claims analysis.
Title: Differential predictors of motor and cognitive progression in Parkinson's disease: a 2-year prospective multimodal cohort study.
Title: The taste of Parkinson's: How food choices reflect nutritional health.
Title: Speech and Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease, Essential Tremor, and Dystonia: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Title: Temporal Interference Stimulation Modulates Resting State Functional Connectivity of Motor Circuit in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Improving the Quality of Life of Parkinson's Disease Patients in Cambodia: A Perspective on Addressing the Gaps.
Title: Effects of self-selected music on psychophysiological responses to goal-directed exercise in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Gait and balance deterioration following deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: a counterfactual review.
Title: The Syn-Q study: detection of cutaneous phosphorylated alpha-synuclein in Parkinson's disease progression: a trial protocol.
Title: Retrospective longitudinal analysis of blood microRNA-7-5p as a possible progression biomarker in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuro-reparative potential of hyperbaric oxygen therapy in animal models of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Return of Individual Research Information in the Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative.
Title: A new dawn for Parkinson's disease: commentary on the emergence of stem cell-based therapies.
Title: Support vector machine-driven Parkinson's disease identification: a 7-Tesla multidimensional structural MRI approach.
Title: Revisiting the Association Between Calcium Channel Blockers and Parkinson's Disease in the E3N Cohort.
Title: The Predictive Value of the Substantia Nigra and Locus Coeruleus Volumes Using 3D Neuromelanin-sensitive MRI to Predict the Outcomes after Deep Brain Stimulation in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: An Exploratory Study.
Title: Essence: A benchmarking-validated transformer framework for early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease using cerebrospinal fluid protein biomarkers.
Title: Selective vulnerability of monoaminergic neurons and network spread of alpha-synuclein jointly explain pathology progression in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Cognitive trajectories in early Parkinson's disease: A multimodal MRI study of brain structure and cognitive decline.
Title: Gamma-band transcranial alternating current stimulation restores motor function in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Characterization of the electrode-tissue interface during long-term deep brain stimulation in the 6-OHDA rat model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Bilateral intermittent theta burst stimulation over the primary motor cortex improves motor and affective symptoms via thalamic network reintegration in mid-stage Parkinson's disease.
Title: Diplopia possibly induced by safinamide in parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of irisin on miRNA-associated changes in the PGC-1α/FNDC5/BDNF Axis in an in vitro model of MPP⁺-induced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Letter to the editor concerning "Bisphosphonate use is associated with reduced fracture rates in a cohort of patients with Parkinson's disease".
Title: A Structure-Based Platform for Predicting Chemical-Induced Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Differential effects of levodopa on social cognition in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Sex-specific gray matter underpinnings of anxiety and their mediating mechanisms in 
Title: A quantum-classical dual-track deep learning network for explainable Parkinson's disease classification.
Title: Qihuang needle therapy for Parkinson's disease: a triple-arm randomized controlled trial protocol assessing efficacy and neuroplasticity via multimodal MRI.
Title: Bridging Genetics and Precision Medicine in Parkinson's Disease through GP2.
Title: Putamen dopamine synthesis, vesicular storage, and metabolism in Parkinson disease.
Title: Interaction between Poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase-1 and α-synuclein pathology in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Therapeutic Innovations in Parkinson's and Alzheimer's Disease: Molecular Mechanisms and Emerging Strategies.
Title: Reply to: "Alcohol Intake and Parkinson's Symptoms Following Diagnosis".
Title: Alcohol Intake and Parkinson Symptoms Following Diagnosis.
Title: Clinically Deployable Handwriting Biomarkers of Parkinson's Disease via Multiscale Attention and Bayesian-Genetic Optimization.
Title: Association of Sarcopenia With Cognitive Function in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Revealing Non-Motor Symptom Profiles of Orthostatic Hypotension Subtypes in Parkinson's Disease: Insights From a Multidimensional Case-Control Study.
Title: Left atrium dysfunction and dyssynchrony in pediatric patients with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome assessed using speckle-tracking echocardiography.
Title: The quality and reliability evaluation of Parkinson's disease-related short videos on social short video platforms: cross-sectional study.
Title: Differentiating tremor-dominant parkinson's disease from essential tremor using neuromelanin- sensitive imaging and T1w/T2w ratio.
Title: Extracellular vesicles produced by a large-scale protocol are therapeutically effective in preclinical model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: [Clinical practice guideline for integrated PET/MRI in Parkinson's disease (2026 edition)].
Title: Bimanual isometric force control impairments in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Systematic review of kinematic and kinetic parameters in Parkinson's disease, with and without freezing of gait.
Title: Natural compounds extracted from medicinal herbs in the treatment of Parkinson's disease; Molecular Docking, Molecular Dynamics simulation, and Quantum Mechanical calculations.
Title: Biomechanical adaptation to repeated slips during standing in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Editor' Note: Understanding the Relationship Between Cerebral Perfusion and Motor Dysfunction in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Author Response: Association of Relative Brain Hyperperfusion Independent of Dopamine Depletion With Motor Dysfunction in Patients With Parkinson Disease.
Title: Reader Response: Association of Relative Brain Hyperperfusion Independent of Dopamine Depletion With Motor Dysfunction in Patients With Parkinson Disease.
Title: A Qualitative Exploration of Ethical Aspects of Using AI in Parkinson Disease: Patient Panel Study.
Title: Effects of a Soft Robotic Exoskeleton for Gait Training on Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Parkinson Disease: Randomized Controlled Pilot Study.
Title: Respiratory-Swallow Training and Variable Practice in Parkinson's Disease: A Clinical Trial Pilot Study.
Title: A Collaborative Approach to Creating Knowledge-Building Resources for the Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease Community.
Title: Neuroprotective role of stigmasterol through restoration of ubiquitin-proteasome gene expression in an MPTP-induced rodent model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association Between Blood-Brain Barrier Disruption and Gut Microbiota Dysbiosis in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease and the concept of resilience, cognitive, and motor reserve.
Title: Clinical correlates of global and axial levodopa response in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Functional food literacy competencies of people with Parkinson's disease and multiple sclerosis: a qualitative study.
Title: Subcutaneous foslevodopa/foscarbidopa (LDp/CDp) in advanced Parkinson's disease (aPD): societal cost impact analysis for the UK, France, Germany, Spain, and Canada.
Title: Novel insight into PINK1/parkin-associated autophagy implicated in Parkinson disease.
Title: Lower serum uric acid levels as a risk factor for depression in prodromal Parkinson's disease: a cohort study.
Title: High-Intensity Alternating Current Stimulation as an Add-On to Multidisciplinary Intensive Rehabilitation for Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The Unusual Suspects: Macrophages in Parkinson's Disease?
Title: Protocol of the interdisciplinary and intersectoral randomized controlled trial in Parkinson patients in a specialized network in Germany: the INSPIRE Trial.
Title: Using explainable AI to identify disease-relevant and deep brain stimulation treatment-sensitive gait features in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Frequency-based deep learning to identify subtle postural instability in early, untreated Parkinson's disease.
Title: Correction to "Discovery of Potent, Selective, CNS-Penetrant Macrocyclic LRRK2 Inhibitors for the Treatment of Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Domains of Caregiving in Parkinson's Disease: A Framework Developed Through Perspective Mapping.
Title: Body mass index in the Italian population of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Structural Volumetric Alterations in Parkinson's Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Title: Contrast Sensitivity Function in Parkinson's Disease: Effects of Illumination and Disease Stage.
Title: Antidepressant and Anxiolytic Effects of Intranasal Curcumin in Parkinson's Disease Model Rats: Inhibition of Neuroinflammation and Oxidative Stress.
Title: Targeting the BDNF/TrkB/CREB pathway: emerging strategies for neuroprotection in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The relationships between lower-extremity dexterity and fall risk, fear of falling, and walking skills in People with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Time Critical Medicine Sticker for Inpatients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Exploring the Impact of Parkinson's Disease on Marital Relationships.
Title: Sustained Effects of Physiotherapy Interventions on Balance, Gait, and General Motor Function in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Two-Dimensional Sagittal-Plane Gait Evaluation and Similarity Analysis in Parkinson's Disease Under ON and OFF Conditions: A Pilot Study.
Title: Effects of Rhythmic Auditory Stimulation Using Sensory Feedback-Based Wearable Devices on the Gait and Balance in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: In Silico-Identified miR-16-5p and miR-32-5p as a Shared Molecular Signature of Primary Gliomas and Parkinson's Disease: Plasma Levels Are Increased Only in Glioma Patients.
Title: Barriers and enablers to cognitive assessment in Parkinson's disease: A qualitative contextual inquiry.
Title: Task-specific machine learning system for automatic assessment of multi-limb bradykinesia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Explainable machine learning identifies candidate shared neuroanatomical features in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's via importance inversion transfer.
Title: Pathological cortico-STN beta coupling in Parkinson's disease is confined to beta bursts.
Title: Parkinson's disease-linked D620N mutation selectively alters the brain-specific protein interactome of VPS35.
Title: Bioenergetic and metabolic aberrations in induced pluripotent stem cell-derived cardiomyocytes generated from a patient with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome caused a 
Title: 
Title: Design of a deep learning prediction model for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease using MRI images.
Title: Flavonoids improve neurotransmitters for Parkinson's treatment: mechanism and therapeutic potential.
Title: Paroxysmal Supraventricular Tachycardia With Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) Syndrome: A Therapeutic Dilemma During Pregnancy.
Title: The rising tide of frailty in Parkinson's disease: a bibliometric study of global research landscape and emerging trends.
Title: Correction: The impact of bright light therapy on non-motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: EXPRESS: Association Between PTEN-Induced Kinase 1 (PINK1) rs3738136 Polymorphism and Parkinson's Disease: A Meta-Analytic Study.
Title: [Research progress on intelligent brain age prediction methods in diagnosis of Parkinson's disease].
Title: Bilateral DLPFC Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Mood and Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: A Preliminary Study.
Title: Blood-based biomarkers of ferroptosis in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Diagnostic utility of quantitative susceptibility mapping in Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonism: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Disease duration-dependent alteration of regulatory natural killer cells in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Biomimicking neuromelanin reverses the gait deficits and dopaminergic neuronal loss in the Parkinson's disease.
Title: Probiotic supplementation for anxiety symptoms in people with Parkinson's disease: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Title: Plasma proteomics for Parkinson's disease classification: cross-cohort benchmarking of proteomic, transcriptomic, and multimodal models.
Title: Da-Bu-Yin-Wan and Qian-Zheng-San regulate neuroinflammation and intestinal permeability through the microbiota-gut-brain axis in Parkinson's disease mice.
Title: Reduced expression of SOCS1-5 and STAT5a genes in Parkinson's disease patients: evidence for dysregulated immune signaling.
Title: Unveiling the Gut-Brain Axis: Fusobacteriaceae Promotes Parkinson's Disease Development via CA9 Suppression-Induced Ferroptosis.
Title: Patient-reported outcomes and experiences with COMT inhibitors in the management of motor fluctuations in Parkinson's disease: a UK-based nested cross-sectional study.
Title: Group Cognitive Stimulation Therapy for people living with Parkinson's disease and dementia.
Title: Lysosome-Acidifying Nanoparticles Rescue A30P α-Synuclein Induced Neuronal Death in Cellular and Drosophila Models of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Mapping the Correlation of Everyday Physical Activity With Motor and Non-Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Healthcare Utilization Patterns of Persons Living with Parkinson's Disease and Related Disorders with Moderate to High Palliative Care Needs.
Title: Curcumin and ferulic acid activate PPARγ-PGC1α signaling and improve mitochondrial function in a 6-OHDA-induced Parkinson's cellular model.
Title: Convergent transcriptomic signature in iPSC-dopaminergic neurons of hereditary Parkinson's disease.
Title: An Immuno-Infrared Sensor Detects Preclinical Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease by Protein Misfolding.
Title: Functional cortical network alterations in Parkinson's disease with wearing-off revealed by resting-state fNIRS and graph theory.
Title: In vivo classification of neuropathological disease stages in Parkinson's disease by diffusion tensor imaging.
Title: Single-molecule detection methods to study alpha-synuclein aggregation in postmortem Parkinson's disease brains.
Title: Feasibility and safety of the Mobility Rehab Auditory Feedback system for gait in people with Parkinson's disease: A pilot study.
Title: Differences in total electrical energy delivered after deep brain stimulation among clinical motor subtypes of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Relationship between Clinical Measures of Dysphagia, Self-Reported Symptoms, and Cognition in People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: [Diagnosis and management of dysphagia in patients with Parkinson's disease : A guideline for outpatient treatment].
Title: "ChatGPT knows my Parkinson's": Perspectives of people with Parkinson's disease on use of generative AI.
Title: Comment on "The impact of diet on Parkinson's disease risk: A data-driven analysis in a large Italian case-control population".
Title: Engineering and experimental evaluation of a smart wireless glove for gamified upper limb rehabilitation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: [A "prion mechanism" involved in the progression of Parkinson's disease: towards innovative therapeutic approaches?].
Title: Dynamical analysis of a mean firing rate model in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Molecular Pathogenesis of Memory Impairment in Parkinson's Disease: An Exploration of Underlying Mechanisms.
Title: Sex-dependent impact of 
Title: Efficacy and safety of apomorphine in the treatment of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Editorial for "Comparison of Diagnostic Performance Between Standard Susceptibility Map-Weighted Imaging and Susceptibility Map-Weighted Imaging Reconstructed From Clinical SWI and Neuromelanin MRI in Early Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Exosomal miR-1278 From Bone Marrow Mesenchymal Stem Cells Modulates Ldha-Mediated Microglia Polarization to Decelerate Parkinson's Disease Pathology.
Title: Reduced sensory attenuation as a marker of pathological fatigue: Evidence from Parkinson's disease.
Title: Exploiting the Danio rerio model and bioinformatics to explore the effects and molecular networks of Parkinson's disease drugs in human melanoma.
Title: Pause characteristics of sentence production in Parkinson's disease: Insights from sentence complexity and length.
Title: Re-conceptualizing Parkinson's disease as a lifelong neurobiological trajectory: A framework for prevention.
Title: Neural network-assisted personalized handwriting analysis for Parkinson's disease diagnostics.
Title: Sex differences in levodopa pharmacokinetics in early Parkinson's disease: implications on levodopa-related complications.
Title: Type I Interferons Drive the Gastrointestinal Inflammatory Response in a Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Foslevodopa+foscarbidopa for advanced Parkinson disease.
Title: A soft magnetoelastic ball for self-powered Parkinson's disease diagnosis.
Title: The Application of Machine Learning to Predict Clinical Outcomes of Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Acupuncture: A Promising Non-Pharmacological Approach to Parkinson's Disease Management.
Title: ASL/ALT Ratio in Familial and Sporadic Parkinson's Disease: Insights From Cross-Sectional Logistic Analysis.
Title: Parkin regulates NLRP3 degradation through chaperone-mediated autophagy to suppress PANoptosis and protect dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Prevalence and risk factors of falls among older adults with Parkinson's disease in a Malaysian tertiary centre.
Title: Cardiovascular Dysautonomia and Sudden Cardiac Death in Parkinson's Disease: Emerging Clinical Insights and Implications for Care.
Title: Scalable biomarkers of Parkinson's disease: insights from mobile EEG in Peru.
Title: Temporal assessment of behavior in Parkinson's visual hallucinations via a multidimensional analysis strategy.
Title: Rab27b: A Modulator of Lysosomal Function and Alpha-Synuclein Clearance in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Happiness in Parkinson's disease: an overlooked concept.
Title: Disrupted Structural and Metabolic Brain Networks with Structural - Metabolic Decoupling in Parkinson's Disease: An Integrated PET/MRI Study.
Title: Biologic Definition of Parkinson Disease: A Pivotal Role for Molecular Imaging.
Title: Multimodal Integration of A Novel Gait State Time Interval Signal Generation Method and Insole Sensor Data-based Body Intelligence: Application in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The phase average wavelength of alpha rhythm in EEG signals of patients with Parkinson's disease combined with cognitive impairment.
Title: The Emerging Parkinson's Disease Oxylipin-Ome.
Title: Early Symptoms of Language Disorders in Bilingual Parkinson's Disease Patients: Microstructural and Social-Pragmatic Narrative Elements.
Title: Cross-cultural adaptation, reliability, and preliminary construct validity of the Japanese version of the Parkinson's disease pain classification system.
Title: Opicapone in Parkinson's patients with motor fluctuations: clinical assessments and patient-reported outcomes from the OPTI-ON study.
Title: Patterns of weariness-related symptoms in Parkinson's disease: impact of disease progression and levodopa treatment.
Title: Hippocampal-striatal interaction in Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Lentinan-Enhanced Mn
Title: Machine learning model based on plasma proteomics for the identification of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Developing a Virtual Research Environment in the Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative: myPPMI.
Title: Effects of physical exercise on cognitive impairment in patients with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease or mild cognitive impairment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Personalized metabolite biomarker predictions reveal heterogeneous characteristics of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impact of catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibition on plasma homocysteine levels in levodopa-treated Parkinson's disease.
Title: Levodopa-associated shifts in motor asymmetry and axial burden in Parkinson's disease: a retrospective cross-sectional study comparing patients with and without STN-DBS.
Title: The effect of coffee consumption and smoking on cognitive function in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Limbic free-water alterations as neuroimaging biomarkers for predicting phenoconversion in prodromal Parkinson's disease.
Title: Situational triggers of urinary urgency episodes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Correction: AI-Enabled Wearables for Motor Function Assessment and Rehabilitation in Parkinson Disease: Scoping Review.
Title: Effects of exercise on α-synuclein in rodent models of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Parkinson's Disease-Associated Remodeling of Synaptic 
Title: Rethinking our strategies to develop disease-modifying therapies for Parkinson's: Time for combination therapies?
Title: Partnering With Participant Advisors on the Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative.
Title: Antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and cytoprotective effects of crocin, a bioactive constituent of saffron, in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases with a focus on molecular mechanisms: A systematic review.
Title: Comment on "Prevalence of Burning Mouth Syndrome in Parkinson's Disease: A Prospective Case-Control Study".
Title: Preventing Parkinson's disease in the context of movement disorders: a narrative review of current evidence and future directions.
Title: Adaptive Resilience in Parkinson's Caregiving: A Qualitative Study of Lived Experience and Implications for Practice.
Title: Naftidrofuryl Exerts Neuroprotective Effects in a Rotenone-Induced Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease Through Modulation of PINK1/Parkin and ER Stress Pathways.
Title: Inhaled levodopa in Parkinson´s disease with motor fluctuations: post-commercialization experience in two movement disorders units.
Title: Microbiome signature of Parkinson's disease in healthy and genetically at-risk individuals.
Title: StimVision: smartphone video kinematics to optimize DBS programming in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuromodulation-induced normalization of cortical metastable dynamics signatures in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Genome-wide association study of copy number variations in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dopaminergic modulation of the sense of agency influences moral behavior in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Luteolin offers novel therapeutic regimen in rotenone-induced Parkinson disease via modulation of TNF-α/FXMRP/serotonin/tyrosine hydroxylase signaling pathway.
Title: Integrative Advances in Parkinson's Disease: Pathophysiology, Diagnostics, Therapeutics, and Experimental Modeling.
Title: Brain Alterations Linked to the MPTP Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease Uncovered by Diffusion Kurtosis Imaging and Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy.
Title: Meta analysis of glucose metabolism across Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and ALS Reveals emergence of adaptive brain glucometabolic responses and associated neurological functional profiles.
Title: Unravelling the multi-target mechanism of methoxylated flavonoids in Parkinson's disease: Insights from network pharmacology and molecular dynamics.
Title: Income, employment, and clinical outcomes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of Nonpharmacological and Nonsurgical Intervention for Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Title: Gender-specific gene profiling in 
Title: Theiler's murine encephalomyelitis virus as the infectious agent for a virally induced mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Acupuncture for Parkinson's disease: targeting programmed cell death mechanisms and therapeutic prospects.
Title: Wavelet event-related EEG phase coherence as a discriminant biomarker of the cognitive status in Parkinson's and Lewy body disease.
Title: LINC-EPS Protects Against Neurodegeneration by Driving a PGC-1α-Mediated Anti-Ferroptosis Program in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Ex Vivo LRRK2 Activation in Asian G2385R and R1628P Variant Carriers and Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Mental health support and psychotherapy in Parkinson's: from misalignments to meaningful interactions.
Title: Antisense Oligonucleotides in Parkinson's Disease: Challenges, Opportunities, and the Promise of Low-Intensity Focused Ultrasound for Brain Delivery.
Title: Comparative evaluation of oxidative stress biomarkers F2-isoprostanes and 8-OHdG in Parkinson's disease and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis of human studies.
Title: The Global Parkinson's Disease Genetics (GP2) Genome Browser.
Title: Targeting Alpha-Synuclein Aggregation With Chemical Chaperone IP-045: An Approach to Parkinson's Disease Therapy.
Title: Motoneuron Excitability in Parkinson's Disease: Effects of Dopaminergic Medication.
Title: Clinical Progression in Alpha-Synuclein Positive LRRK2-PD and Sporadic Parkinson's Disease: A Longitudinal Analysis.
Title: Phytoestrogenic Isoflavone Formononetin Attenuates Motor Deficits and Mitochondrial Impairment by Regulating SIRT1/PGC-1α/NRF1/TFAM Axis in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Fatigue in Parkinson's disease and management with NIBS.
Title: A multimodal explainable artificial intelligence framework for interpretable Parkinson's disease prediction.
Title: Beyond motor control: The subthalamic nucleus as a central hub for pain in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuronal vulnerability in Parkinson's disease: insights from murine α-synuclein pathology models.
Title: Parkinson's disease: extending collaboration to Latin America.
Title: Mutation studies on degradation of 3-phenoxybenzoic acid by 
Title: 
Title: Wearable-sensor based walking and non-walking measures as progression markers in early to mid-stage Parkinson's disease.
Title: Is neurofeedback A reliable therapy for managing Parkinson's Disease?
Title: Patient-centered care for medical cannabis users: Parkinson's disease patients differ from others with chronic conditions.
Title: Balenine alleviates neurodegeneration and inflammation in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The burden and trends of late-onset multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease and other dementias among adults aged 55 and older, spanning from 1990 to 2021, with projections through 2050.
Title: Multifunctional Zinc-Tannic Acid Nanoparticles Target α-Synuclein Aggregation and Oxidative Stress in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dapagliflozin ameliorates motor deficits in a Parkinson's disease model induced by 6-OHDA: An integrative in vivo and in silico approach from α-synuclein/A2AAR/TH/TNF-α to APAF-1/caspase-3 modulation.
Title: Roles of mitophagy and immune infiltration in Parkinson's disease: new perspectives from bioinformatics analysis and A53T transgenic mice.
Title: Soccer-related blunt chest trauma inducing aberrant supraventricular tachycardia and unmasking Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome in an adolescent.
Title: Histamine H4 receptor in neuroinflammation: Dual roles in multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impaired autophagy from TRPV4 activation drives α-synuclein pathology in a Parkinson's disease model: A toxicological insight.
Title: Response to letter to the editor: Sexual dysfunction in women with Parkinson's disease beyond measurement.
Title: Functional Reorganization of Corticostriatal Connectivity Across the Degree of Nigrostriatal Degeneration in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Shared Epitope-Positive 
Title: Unveiling Pathological Lipid Droplet Accumulation of Dopaminergic Neurons in Parkinson's Disease via a Super-Retentive Fluorescent Probe.
Title: Efficacy and safety of MRI-guided focused ultrasound lesioning for tremor-dominant Parkinson Disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Efficacy of GLP-1 receptor agonists in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and exploratory network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Serum albumin and uric acid: biomarkers of neurocognitive and physical function in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Transformation of Parkinson's care through SMART-PD (Self-Management, Remote monitoring and Timely review for Parkinson's Disease): Care pathway mapping with clinical experts.
Title: Stem cell treatments and Parkinson's disease: Science and misconceptions.
Title: Place of death in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of associated factors.
Title: Long-term follow up of opicapone as add-on to levodopa in Parkinson's patients without motor fluctuations.
Title: Microneedle assisted drug delivery of liposome loaded with selegiline hydrochloride for effective management of Parkinson's disease intervention.
Title: Use of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonists and Risk of Parkinson's Disease: Scandinavian Cohort Study.
Title: Therapeutic potential of neuroprotective plant extracts in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Molecular neuroimaging of Parkinson's disease: association of motor and non-motor symptoms with synaptic density, dopaminergic and serotonergic systems.
Title: Shared functional microbiome signatures in Parkinson's disease and constipation predominate irritable bowel syndrome despite taxonomic divergence.
Title: WDR44 drives de novo α-synuclein aggregation at the lysosomal membrane and promotes neuronal dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Increased Binding of [ 
Title: Investigating the molecular mechanisms of the "Tianma-Gouteng" herb pair in treating Parkinson's disease: a bioinformatics approach and density functional theory with molecular dynamics simulations validation.
Title: Blood mtDNA markers of mitochondrial subtype and early-onset Parkinson's disease biology.
Title: Multimodal Image Guidance in Subthalamic Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Pre-Beta Burst Dynamics in Parkinson's Disease: Distinguishing Signal from Artifact.
Title: Is the Pre-Beta Burst Dip in Parkinson's Disease Biological or an Analytical Artifact?
Title: Cardiovascular Safety of Parkinson's Disease Therapies: A Comprehensive Review.
Title: Self-Controlled Feedback on Motor Learning and Neuroplastic Changes in People With Parkinson Disease.
Title: Identifying Predictors of Discordance Between Balance Perception and Ability in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Foslevodopa-Foscarbidopa subcutaneous infusion in Parkinson's disease: a cross-cultural/cross-racial international multicentre comparative tolerability study (CRIM-FOS study).
Title: Sedentary behavior modifies the effect of balance rehabilitation on balance discordance in Parkinson's disease.
Title: DYRK1A and Parkinson's disease, facts and hypotheses.
Title: The adjunct use of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BAMA-B06/BAu-B0111 improves the therapeutic efficacy of Liuwei'anxiao Capsule in alleviating constipation in Parkinson's Disease: A randomized controlled study.
Title: Effects of Cha-Cha dance training on fall-related physical performance and cognitive function in patients with Parkinson's disease: A feasibility study.
Title: Instrumental assessment of movement series reflects scored improvement of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of a 3-week program of cane training and use on gait of individuals with Parkinson's disease: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Singing-Based Interventions for Treating Hypokinetic Dysarthria in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Nanomedicines for neurodegenerative ageing: nasal delivery innovations for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Regular Metronome, Fractal Metronome, and Music for Parkinson Gait.
Title: Gender differences in non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a multicenter longitudinal study.
Title: Screening performance of the MDS-UPDRS anxiety item in Parkinson's disease: Comparison to the Hamilton anxiety rating scale.
Title: Subjective cognitive concerns and global metacognitive bias in prodromal Parkinson's and Parkinson's disease without cognitive impairment.
Title: Parkinson Disease Pathogenic Variants: Cross-Ancestry Analysis and Microarray Data Validation.
Title: Case Report: Pharmacogenetically-triggered fatal serotonin syndrome following sequential serotonergic therapy in Parkinson's disease: a case highlighting the role of 
Title: Appropriate use recommendations for digital technology in cognitive telerehabilitation for people living with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Reply: "Shining Light on Darkness: A Virtual Reality Perspective on Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Five-Year Follow-Up of Unilateral Focused Ultrasound Subthalamotomy for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Shining Light on Darkness: A Virtual Reality Perspective on Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Comparison of Diagnostic Performance Between Standard Susceptibility Map-Weighted Imaging and Susceptibility Map-Weighted Imaging Reconstructed From Clinical SWI and Neuromelanin MRI in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy and safety evaluation of intravenous esketamine in alleviating perioperative depressive symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Mortality risk associated with acetylcholinesterase inhibitor use in Parkinson's disease dementia according to sex and age at disease onset: a nationwide cohort study.
Title: Nano-plasmonic SERS-based serum fingerprinting for analytical monitoring of Parkinson's disease and therapeutic response.
Title: Periodic limb movements in Parkinson's disease: a critical review of pathophysiology and a framework for clinical management.
Title: DAT-SPECT-based subtype and stage inference in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Automating Subthalamic Deep Brain Stimulation Programming with Evoked Resonant Neural Activity in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: ML-Based Multidomain Speech Biomarkers for Multiclass Parkinson's Severity: An Indian Corpus and Clinically Calibrated Labels.
Title: Treatment of Dysphonia in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review.
Title: Dynamics of slow wave sleep in advanced Parkinson's disease: An entropy-based study.
Title: Inhibition of S100A9 Mitigates Aging-Related Mitochondrial Dysfunction and Neurodegeneration in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Retraining gait in Parkinson's Disease via a personalised app: A study protocol.
Title: Perceptual Training for People With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: [Relationship between kidney-related brain dysfunction and neuropathological changes in Parkinson's disease].
Title: Proton pump inhibitors and risk of Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Content and quality analysis of YouTube videos on therapeutic exercises for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson Disease imposes Risk of Kidney Function Decline.
Title: Tracking ClO
Title: Soft Neural Interfaces for Circuit-Level Analysis of Magnetogenetic Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease Models.
Title: The role of microbiota dysbiosis in Parkinson's disease: Pathophysiology and therapeutic opportunities.
Title: Mesenchymal Stem Cell Therapy in Parkinson's Disease: A Comprehensive Review.
Title: Investigating the Genetic Association Between Synaptic Genes and Parkinson's Disease Risk.
Title: Peripheral immunochemical considerations in Parkinson disease: sources, targets and crosstalk mechanisms.
Title: The Gut-Brain Axis: A Critical Link between Type 2 Diabetes and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Aging effects on nigrostriatal structure, hemodynamics, and connectivity: implications for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lipid membrane remodeling by myristic acid treatment reverses Parkinson's disease α-synuclein phenotypes in patient neurons.
Title: Retraction Note: Effects of Novel Calpain Inhibitors in Transgenic Animal Model of Parkinson's disease/dementia with Lewy bodies.
Title: Clinical correlates of a negative cerebrospinal fluid α-synuclein seed amplification assay result in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dysregulation of mRNAs and hub genes in Parkinson's disease within post mortem substantia Nigra: using three methods differential expression genes analysis.
Title: Transcranial magneto-acoustical stimulation regulates motor cortex-subthalamic nucleus neural activity to improve motor disorders in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Sleep deprivation accelerates Parkinson's disease pathology by upregulating LAG3 in astrocytes and disrupting glymphatic system function.
Title: An enhanced framework for Parkinson's disease severity prediction using improved optimization in multi-scale TCN.
Title: Reliability and validity of the supine-to-stand test in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Detection with Video-Based Hybrid Deep Learning from Brain MRI.
Title: Burden and disutility of sleep disturbance and early morning OFF symptoms in people with advancing Parkinson's disease: a vignette-based approach using the EQ-5D-5L.
Title: Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging of Cortical Microstructure Differs in Nonmanifest and Manifest Genetic Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Digital Technology for Sleep Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review.
Title: Validation of a Patient-Reported Outcome Measure in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: AI-Enabled Flexible Sensing Ecosystems for Parkinson's Disease: Advancing Digital Biomarkers and Closed-Loop Interventions.
Title: Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review on the Path Towards Real-Time Therapies.
Title: Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of RBG Derivatives as Nrf2 Activators for the Treatment of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Polyfunctionalized 
Title: Disruption of Synaptic Vesicle Trafficking in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease: Mechanisms and Therapeutic Implication.
Title: Copper Dyshomeostasis Affects α-Synuclein Clearance Mechanisms in Parkinson's Disease: Insights from In Vitro Models and Translational Evidence.
Title: Correlations Between Clinical, Anthropometric and Nutritional Evaluations in Patients with Parkinson's Disease from Ghana: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Differential Effects of Lifestyle Indicators on Cognitive Functioning Across Healthy, Dementia, Parkinson's Disease, and Stroke Groups.
Title: Spermidine Suppresses Peripheral Inflammation and Alleviates Non-Motor Symptoms in the 6-OHDA-Induced Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Semi-Automated Neuromelanin-Sensitive MRI Reveals Substantia Nigra Volume Reduction in Early Parkinson's Disease with Moderate Diagnostic Performance.
Title: Clinical Trials in GBA1-Associated Parkinson's Disease: A Need for Molecular Classification.
Title: HDAC3 blockade inhibits neuroinflammation and pyroptosis to prevent dopaminergic neuron death in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Serine endopeptidase tripeptidyl peptidase II maintains lysosomal homeostasis to alleviate Parkinson's disease pathogenesis.
Title: Psychometric properties of the Turkish version of the Parkinson's disease quality of life-7 (PDQoL-7) in older adults.
Title: Early Cervical and Orofacial Variable Dystonia in Levodopa-Naïve PRKN Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Extreme heat and hospitalization with Parkinson's disease among older adults.
Title: Author Correction: TMEM175, SCARB2 and CTSB associations with Parkinson's disease risk across populations.
Title: Individualised stimlation parameters in deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease based on disease phenotype and brain connectivity: protocol for a randomised feasibility study in a tertiary care centre (iDBS trial).
Title: [Dopaminergic Progenitor Cell Transplantation for Parkinson's Disease Treatment].
Title: Diagnostic Potential of Combined Skin Morphometric Analysis and Salivary Alpha-Synuclein Oligomers in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Bridging Regenerative and Restorative Stem Cell Therapies in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Deep brain stimulation or best medical treatment for Parkinson's disease patients: 36-month longitudinal neuropsychological and motor assessment - a prospective case-control study.
Title: Machine Learning Identifies TRAPPC13/COPS5 as Biomarkers and Vesicle Transport Subtypes in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Exercise suppresses apoptosis for alleviating Parkinson's disease: effects on pathophysiological molecular pathways.
Title: Amantadine-based combination therapy of Parkinson's disease to prevent fluctuation and dyskinesia - experiences from a Parkinson outpatient clinic.
Title: Long-term outcomes after caudal zona incerta-forel field ablation: three-year clinical follow-up in advanced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Enhancing artificial intelligence chatbot dependability in Parkinson's disease patients: future of care.
Title: Molecular mechanisms underlying Parkinson's disease and role of phytochemicals, α-synuclein, sirtuins, and incretin mimetics in potential therapy.
Title: Insomnia, sleep duration and incident Parkinson's disease in the Finnish population cohort.
Title: Insole-Derived Plantar Pressure Variability Reveals Dual-Task Gait Differences in Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Enhanced meta ensemble stacking approach with XGBoost and optuna based detection of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Insights from a cross-sectional population-based study of 10,929 Australians living with Parkinson's disease: risk factors, comorbidities, and sex differences.
Title: Case Report: Hyperthyroidism induced liver failure with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.
Title: Therapeutic Spectrum of Intermittent Apomorphine in Parkinson's Disease: Neuropsychiatric, Behavioral, and Cognitive Analyses.
Title: When the body resonates with the pain of the other: Empathy Bodyssence in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Associations of Monocyte Glucocerebrosidase with Cognition and Cholinergic Innervation in GBA1 Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Molecular Mechanisms of Dopaminergic Neuron Degeneration in Parkinson's disease: A Comprehensive Review.
Title: Classification of fallers in Parkinson's disease through machine learning based feature analysis.
Title: GLP1R expression and parkinson's disease and related disorders in GLP-1RA-treated type 2 diabetes.
Title: Rigidity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Models of neuroprotection in Parkinson's disease: Exploring cellular, molecular, and microenvironmental targets.
Title: Early impairment of narrative discourse complexity in Parkinson's disease without mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Continuous subcutaneous levodopa infusion in advanced Parkinson's disease patients with subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation.
Title: Sexual dysfunction in women with Parkinson's disease: The impact of measurement choice.
Title: Travel health needs and experiences of people living with Parkinson's Disease and their carers: An exploratory qualitative study.
Title: The cGAS-STING-Glymphatic-gut Axis in Parkinson's disease: A proposed self-amplifying triad of Neuroinflammation and therapeutic opportunity.
Title: Distinct metabolic signatures of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease revealed through genetic overlap.
Title: Mixture effects of dietary fatty acids on Parkinson's disease: A weighted quantile sum analysis.
Title: Pathology-Anchored Transcranial Sonography: A Cascaded Super-Resolution Deep Learning System for Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease Grading.
Title: Mitochondrial Fission and Fusion Disorders and Autophagy Abnormalities in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Prognosis in Parkinson's Disease: An Individual Patient Data Meta-Analysis of Six European Incidence Cohorts.
Title: Is Levodopa Fueling Peripheral Nerve Damage? A Clinical and Neurophysiological Insight Into Polyneuropathy in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Automatic and explainable assessment for Parkinson's disease by video-based human motion understanding.
Title: Tear fluid as a novel specimen for detection of alpha-synuclein seeding activity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Human pluripotent stem cell engineering with CRISPR-Cas9 for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between wearable-derived dyskinesia time burden and longitudinal change in disability in people with Parkinson's disease: a real-world treat-to-target cohort study.
Title: Cognitive trajectories in Parkinson's disease patients, a review on the impact of subthalamic deep brain stimulation (STN-DBS) and emerging adaptive strategies.
Title: The Parkinson's Real-World Impact Assessment (PRISM) project in the management and burden of Parkinson's disease in Spain.
Title: A graph deep learning method for diagnosis of Parkinson's disease using brain functional connectivity features.
Title: Mobile EEG assessment of inhibitory control during dual-task walking in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A machine learning-based fall risk prediction model for Parkinson's disease considering ophthalmic disorders.
Title: Up-regulation of tRNA-derived miR-1274b in tears of Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Sleep depth and cognitive function in Parkinson's disease: An analysis using the Odd's Ratio Product (ORP).
Title: Effects of an 8-Week Combined Aerobic-Resistance Training on Motor Function, Functional Mobility, and Metabolic Parameters in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Controlled Study.
Title: Optimized reference region and the effect on test-retest reliability and sensitivity to differences between Parkinson's disease and control groups with [
Title: Micro- and nanoplastics influences in Parkinson's disease: lessons from human stem cell models.
Title: Posterior Reversible Encephalopathy Syndrome (PRES) in an Elderly Patient With Advanced Parkinson's Disease and Autonomic Dysfunction: A Case Report and Literature Review.
Title: Consistency of Serial CSF alpha-Synuclein Seed Amplification Assay Results in the Parkinson's Progression Marker Initiative.
Title: A case report: Neuroimaging in an atypical presentation of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of combined Mediterranean diet and physical activity intervention on the gut microbiome and disease progression in individuals with Parkinson's disease: study protocol for a multicenter, randomized controlled pilot study (PRIME study).
Title: Corneal epithelial thickness can reflect the stage of Parkinson's disease and the severity of dry eye.
Title: The use of single-point magneto-inertial measurement for gait and dynamic balance assessment of patients with Parkinson's disease and Parkinsonisms: a systematic review with critical appraisal of clinical applications and quality of reporting.
Title: Visuospatial cognition in people with Parkinson's disease: a pilot study assessing a block span task using fMRI.
Title: A new therapeutic approach for Parkinson's disease: dual targeting of α-Synuclein aggregation and microglial function by the novel immunomodulator 3-Monothiopomalidomide.
Title: Aberrant FICD-mediated AMPylation drives α-Synuclein pathology and overall protein dyshomeostasis in dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A deep learning and metaheuristic optimization algorithm based on Parkinson's disease classification from MRI images.
Title: Genetic Landscape of Monogenic Parkinson's Disease in the African Population-A Systematic Review.
Title: Rehabilitation Gaps and Unmet Needs Across Disability Stages in Parkinson's Disease: A National Survey.
Title: A network signature of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cerebellar oligodendrocytic α-synuclein pathology and dentate nucleus neuronal hypertrophy in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Quantitative ultrasound radiofrequency analysis for monitoring Parkinson's disease.
Title: Muscone promotes remyelination and alleviates Parkinson's disease by targeting FKBP5 in MPTP-induced mouse model.
Title: A rare coexistence: tyrosinemia type III and Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.
Title: Neurovascular Unit Dysfunction and Cerebral Small Vessel Disease in Parkinson Disease: A Systematic Review and a Meta Analysis.
Title: A microbiome quantitative trait locus in SLC39A8 modulates disease severity in synucleinopathy-induced models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Faecal microbiota transplant for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Muscle Network of Parkinson's Gait: A 12-Month Longitudinal Analysis Before and After Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery.
Title: Classification of Functional Brain Patterns Elicited by Deep Brain Stimulation of the Subthalamic Nucleus in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dysregulation of astrocytic DNAJC6 contributes to sporadic Parkinson's disease pathogenesis.
Title: Parkinson's disease dementia and hearing impairment, are they related? A UK biobank pilot analysis.
Title: Investigating the Neuroprotective Effects of Peripheral Nerve Microcurrent Stimulation in a Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Anthracene-Modified Nanoporous Silica Nanoparticles for ATP Detection and Salivary Diagnostics in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Repeated lower extremities hot water bathing (REHAB), a rehabilitative strategy in Parkinson's disease (PD) patients with sleep disorders: rationale, design and protocol for a randomized controlled study.
Title: Differential brain iron deposition in Parkinson's disease subtypes: a comparative quantitative susceptibility mapping study of tremor-dominant versus postural instability/gait difficulty phenotypes.
Title: Mortality rates in patients with Parkinson's disease: An analysis of the Global Burden of Disease database.
Title: CVN-424: An Advanced GPR6 Inverse Agonist in Phase III Clinical Trials for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Necrotic Skin Ulcers Following Apomorphine Subcutaneous Infusion Dose Escalation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The genetic associations of DNAJC family members with Parkinson's disease: comprehensive evidence from burden analysis and Mendelian randomization.
Title: Braking Parkinson's progression: the hypothetical druggable role of striatal parvalbumin interneurons.
Title: Intestinal Smooth Muscle Macrophages: Linking the ENS and CNS in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Computational modelling of Parkinson's disease: A multiscale approach with deep brain stimulation and stochastic noise.
Title: Rare use of epicardial pacing wire in severe aortic stenosis with Wolf-Parkinson-White syndrome: Who goes first?
Title: Linking executive dysfunction to gait initiation deficits in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
Title: Correction: Unveiling the biochemical potential of Acacia jacquemontii as a therapeutic agent in parkinson's disease: A multi-model in Vitro, In Vivo, and In Silico Study.
Title: Development, validity, and reliability of the Parkinson's voice and speech handicap index (PaVSHI).
Title: Parkinson's disease: pathogenesis and therapeutic strategies.
Title: Pupil-light reflex in early-stage Parkinson's disease.
Title: Beyond the burden: Measuring the quality of life impact of Parkinson's on family members/partners using FROM-16.
Title: Aerodynamic and Acoustic Characteristics of Nasal Airflow in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Association of Gastrointestinal Symptoms With Severity and Progression of Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Hyaluronic acid: emerging roles and biomaterial innovations in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease therapy.
Title: Compliance With Swallowing Instruction and Quality of Life in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: A Retrospective Assessment of Instructional Methods to Maintain and Improve Quality of Life.
Title: Beyond walking: gait context and demands shape arousal and valence evoked by observation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dopaminergic medication alters muscle synergy during sit-to-stand motion in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroprotective role of bilirubin in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cognitive and affective Theory of Mind abilities in Parkinson's disease before and 1 year after subthalamic deep brain stimulation.
Title: Potential crosstalk between Parkinson's disease and glucose metabolism.
Title: Retraction notice to "Structural connectivity predicts the amelioration of postoperative rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder in Parkinson's disease patients who underwent subthalamic nucleus-deep brain stimulation" [Comput. Biol. Med. 199 (2025) 111289].
Title: Hemorphin LVV-H3 attenuates calcineurin activity and regulates cytokine levels in experimental Parkinson's disease.
Title: Corticomotor inhibition is associated with balance performance in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: ZPT01, a herbal formula of Zingiberis Rhizoma, Paeoniae Radix and Tribuli Fructus, protects dopaminergic neurons and suppresses neuroinflammation in a Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Midbrain Energy Homeostasis Biomarker for Differential Diagnosis of Early-Stage Parkinson Disease: A 
Title: Oxybutynin treatment for episodic hyperhidrosis in Parkinson disease.
Title: Pathophysiological Role of the Gut Brain Axis in Parkinson's Disease: From Microbial Metabolites and Intestinal Permeability to Central Neuroinflammation.
Title: Dementia Incidence in Individuals With Parkinson's Disease in the Framingham Heart Study.
Title: Association between iron deposition and emotional disorder in Parkinson's patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: A drug-microbiome-drug interaction impacts co-prescribed medications for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Gait asymmetry in Parkinson's disease - a systematic review and meta-analysis (AsymmGait-Parkinson study).
Title: Quantitative susceptibility mapping and MRS-based multimodal machine learning for early Parkinson's disease classification.
Title: Temporal dynamics of cognitive functioning in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Peripheral Neuropathy during Subcutaneous Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa Infusion in Parkinson's Disease: A Case Series.
Title: A refined chronic MPTP/probenecid model of Parkinson's disease in mature adult mice.
Title: Decomposed Transfer Entropy for EEG Brain Networks: Parkinson's Disease and Dopaminergic Modulation.
Title: Neuroprotective Role of Exercise-based Physiotherapy Combined with Pharmacological Agents in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A Systematic Review on Isoquinoline Derivatives as Emerging Multi-target Agents in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disorder Therapy.
Title: Therapeutic Potential of Macroalgae- and Microalgae-Derived Bioactive Compounds in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Correction: Revisiting Parkinson's disease definition and classification: insights from two emerging biological frameworks.
Title: N-of-1 tissue activation modeling reveals regional subthalamic stimulation predicting verbal fluency decline in Parkinson disease.
Title: Clinician and patient perspectives on meaningful Parkinson's disease impacts for digital assessment.
Title: Nurse-led management of sialorrhea in Parkinson's disease: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
Title: Cross-sectional comparison of lower-limb muscle strength and contractile properties according to Parkinson's disease and sarcopenia status.
Title: Depression and cognition mediated rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder to improve the activities of daily living in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: One patient, one destiny: A cluster analysis of the Parkinson's progression Markers Initiative (PPMI) cohort.
Title: Feasibility for a Community-Based Parkinson Disease Cohort in Hawaii.
Title: The mechanism of external cueing interventions in improving freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease: an fNIRS study.
Title: Classification of fall risk in Parkinson's disease using empirical mode decomposition and machine learning.
Title: Next-Gen Olfactometry System for Olfactory Testing in Parkinson's Disease and High-Risk Individuals.
Title: Rethinking dual-task training in Parkinson's disease: Engaging and innovating for inclusive access to rehabilitation.
Title: Neurogenesis as a Biomarker of Disease Modification in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Correction to "Chronic Cerebral Hypoperfusion Aggravates Parkinson's Disease Dementia-Like Symptoms and Pathology in 6-OHDA-Lesioned Rat through Interfering with Sphingolipid Metabolism".
Title: Valsartan promotes neuroprotection in Parkinson's disease via epigenetic modulation and activation of the ASCL1/Nurr1 pathway.
Title: Causal relationships between plasma lipidomics, trace elements, cerebrospinal fluid metabolites, and Parkinson's disease using Mendelian randomization.
Title: Temporal evolution of antiparkinsonian drug prescription over 17 years: a real-world data analysis of Korean patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between heterozygous GBA1 L444P carrier status and risk of Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Corrigendum to "Transanal Irrigation in patients with Parkinson's Disease and chronic constipation: rebalancing the Gut Microbiota?" [Park. Relat. Disord. 146 (2026) 108289].
Title: From accepting to distancing as different coping strategies in persons with young onset Parkinson's disease.
Title: DNAJC6 Parkinson's disease: Endolysosomal dysfunction and emerging roles for oligodendrocytes.
Title: The quality and reliability of YouTube video resources concerning patient education for Parkinson's disease: An electronic media-based study.
Title: Delivery of CDNF in collagen hydrogels modulates N-glycosylation while improving motor function in a rodent model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: STFusion: A Spatial-Temporal Dual-Pathway Network with Multi-scale Attention Fusion for Early Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Psychotropic medication use among community dwellers with and without Parkinson's disease - A nationwide cohort study.
Title: High-intensity respiratory muscle training improves maximal respiratory pressures, breathing endurance, dyspnoea and exercise capacity in people with Parkinson's disease: a randomised trial.
Title: Empagliflozin Halts NLRP3 Inflammasome-Mediated Neurodegeneration in Parkinson's Disease in a Rotenone Rat Model.
Title: Effects of neuromelanin buildup in rodent nigral dopamine neurons: implications for sex-biased vulnerability in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Marine bacterium Stutzerimonas stutzeri mitigates Parkinson's disease pathology in C. elegans via ferroptosis modulation.
Title: TMBIM6 enhances dopaminergic neuron survival by modulating the IRE1a pathway in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of chronic levodopa in the paraquat and lectin rat model of the "body-first" subtype of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Transcranial temporal interference stimulation targeting the subthalamic region for motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a pilot, randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled crossover study.
Title: Generation and characterization of induced pluripotent stem cell lines from one Parkinson's disease patient carrying the GBA1 T369M variant and two variant-free controls.
Title: Biomechanical characteristics before, during, and after freezing of gait episodes in individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Content quality and reliability of YouTube exercise videos for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Narrative Review "Dual Frontiers in Neurodegeneration: Pharmacological Synergies and Divergences in Parkinson's Disease and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus".
Title: Integrated bioinformatics analysis of the shared molecular mechanisms between Parkinson's disease and COVID-19.
Title: Plant-derived soft electrophiles upregulate pro-resolving oxylipins in a paraquat-induced 
Title: Sensor-Based Assessment of Asymmetry in Upper Limb Bradykinesia Among Patients With Parkinson's Disease and Scans Without Evidence of Dopaminergic Deficit (SWEDD).
Title: Levodopa/Carbidopa Intestinal Gel (LCIG) Treatment in a Patient with Parkinson's Disease and Hemophilia A.
Title: Can multicomponent aquatic training improve bradykinesia in individuals with Parkinson's disease? A quasi-experimental study with 4-week follow-up.
Title: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation to enhance physical therapy in Parkinson's disease: The STEP-PD randomized trial.
Title: Identification and clinical validation of autophagy-related genes as potential biomarkers of Parkinson's disease and their correlation with immune infiltration.
Title: Exploring Preferences and Priorities in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A Discrete Choice Experiment.
Title: Caregiver burden and its relationship with mood and insomnia severity in caregivers of patients with parkinson's disease.
Title: Striatal Dysregulation of Angpt2 and Circadian Gene Expression in a Rotenone Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Repurposing of doxycycline as a novel therapeutic avenue for management of parkinson's disease.
Title: A Bioinformatic Analysis of BAG Protein Interactors and Pathways in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Collaborative multi-agent conversational artificial intelligence for clinical support in Parkinson disease.
Title: Knee Osteoarthritis as a Causal Risk Factor for Parkinson's Disease: Converging Evidence From a National Survey and Genetic Analysis.
Title: Psychometric reliability of patient-reported visual analogue scales in subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation programming for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cortical gyrification deficits in early-stage Parkinson's disease: the importance of bradykinesia.
Title: Distinct gut and oral microbial profiles differentiate patients with symmetric/asymmetric Parkinson's disease.
Title: Sarcopenia, body composition, physical performance, and clinical features in Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional comparative study.
Title: Neuropsychiatric outcomes after deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease - Real-world data from a national movement disorders unit.
Title: Divergent Glymphatic Dysfunction and Free Water Pathology Underpin Distinct Mechanisms and Enable Differential Diagnosis in Parkinson's Disease and Multiple System Atrophy.
Title: Neuroinflammation plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical and biomarker evidence.
Title: TNF alpha unmasks enteric malate aspartate shuttle dysfunction bridging Parkinson disease and intestinal inflammation.
Title: Transcranial magneto-acoustic stimulation improves corticostriatal transmission in direct medium spiny neurons and rescues neuroplasticity of Parkinson's disease model mice.
Title: Directional functional influence of the locus coeruleus on the whole brain in tremor-dominant and akinetic-rigid Parkinson's disease.
Title: Frequency-specific and spatiotemporal dynamics of β-γ phase-amplitude coupling in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A Hypothesis-Generating Pharmacologic Profile for Sargramostim Treatment of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Retraction Note to: Timed Release of Cerebrolysin Using Drug-Loaded Titanate Nanospheres Reduces Brain Pathology and Improves Behavioral Functions in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Adaptive Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease: Navigating the Roadblocks to Clinical Implementation.
Title: The Impact of Participation in the Parkinson's Pals Program on Psychosocial Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: An Unblinded Feasibility Study.
Title: Olfaction, cognition, and educational level in Parkinson's disease - perspectives from a Brazilian cohort.
Title: Headaches in Parkinson's disease: a comprehensive review.
Title: Infusion therapies for advanced Parkinson's disease: current evidence and practical challenges - a narrative review.
Title: Chrysoeriol-Mediated Neuroprotection in Parkinson's Disease in Mice: Targeting Apoptosis, α-Synuclein Accumulation, and Functional Recovery.
Title: Exercise for Non-Motor Symptoms of Parkinson's Disease: An Evidence-Based Review of Clinical Trials, Dosing Considerations, and Mechanistic Insights.
Title: AI-Driven Multimodal Analysis of Neuroimaging and Speech Data for Diagnosis of Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and Epilepsy.
Title: Parkinson's Disease: Is It Hidden in the Gut Ecology the Ariadne's Thread Leading to Help?
Title: Resolving spectral overlaps in Anti-Parkinson drug combinations: a green spectrophotometric approach for entacapone determination.
Title: Correction to "E2E-TM: Dual-Way Feature Extraction and End-to-End Transformer Based Parkinson's Disease Diagnosis Using Integrated MR Imaging and Electroencephalogram Signals".
Title: In-vivo histology of Parkinson's disease using quantitative multiparametric mapping.
Title: High-definition transcranial direct current stimulation for depressive and other non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a randomised, sham-controlled, cross-over study.
Title: Schiff Base-Wrapped Co, Zn-Based Clusters with Hierarchical Chiral Structures for Therapeutic Application in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Perspective: Depression in Persons with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficient Voice-Based Parkinson Classification via Algorithm-Level Class Balancing.
Title: Longevity factor klotho and resistance to cognitive deficits in individuals with Parkinson's disease and in an α-synuclein mouse model.
Title: Revitalizing mitochondrial quality control: targeting mitochondria-derived vesicles in Parkinson's disease.
Title: From disease to syndrome: the evolution of Parkinson's as a heterogeneous entity.
Title: Correction: Neuropathology in genetic Parkinson's disease: a focused review of pathological and clinical findings.
Title: A narrative review of clinical and non-clinical determinants of health-related quality of life in advanced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Integrating Substantia Nigra Hyperechogenicity and Inflammation-Associated Biomarkers: A Classification Model for Staging Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Early and Prolonged Cortical Electrical Stimulation Preserves Motor Functions and Nigrostriatal Dopaminergic Neurons in the MitoPark Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Identification of the mitochondria-related gene 
Title: Evaluation of Orthostatic Hypotension in Patients With Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease Utilizing the Head-Up Tilt Test.
Title: Assessing Relationships Between Patient and Caregiver Reported Outcome Measures of Dysphagia in Parkinson Disease: A Retrospective Study.
Title: Machine learning classification of early-stage Parkinson's disease using sit-to-walk biomechanical features.
Title: Precise disease heterogeneity and progression quantification in MSA and Parkinson's disease using machine learning.
Title: Distinct metabolomic and proteomic signatures in Parkinson's disease patients with REM sleep behavior disorder.
Title: Lack of Cerebrospinal Fluid α-Synuclein Seeding in VPS35 D620N- and LRRK2 Y1699C-Linked Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Scientists turn plastic waste into Parkinson's drug.
Title: Orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson disease.
Title: Dual-target magnetic resonance-guided focused ultrasound of the subthalamic and ventral intermediate nuclei for Parkinson's disease: illustrative case.
Title: Incense Aerosol-Induced Neurotoxicity Disrupts α-Synuclein Homeostasis in a Cellular Parkinson's Disease Model, Distinct from Cigarette Aerosols.
Title: Enhancing Parkinson's Disease Staging: An Integrative Deep Learning Framework for Multimodal Feature Selection.
Title: Circ-find-0001774 Modulates Parkinson's Disease via miR-153-3p: Mechanistic Insights and Therapeutic Implications.
Title: An Underrecognized Problem: Missed and Delayed Carbidopa-Levodopa Administration in Emergency Department Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Detailed Outer Retinal Assessment in Parkinson's Disease Using Directional OCT.
Title: Hypothermia Associated With Impaired Consciousness in an Older Woman With Parkinson's Disease: A Case Report.
Title: Long-Term Outcomes of Subthalamic Nucleus and Globus Pallidus Interna Deep Brain Stimulation for Young-Onset Parkinson Disease.
Title: Relationships Between Swallowing Function, Sialorrhea, and Cervical Proprioception in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Association of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension with cognitive decline in Parkinson's disease: a longitudinal cohort study.
Title: Four weeks of supervised home-based aerobic cycling improves cardiopulmonary function in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: AI-based retrospective analysis: differential improvement profiles of medication and deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluating climbing interventions for Parkinson's disease: a systematic review.
Title: Non-Pharmacological interventions for managing fatigue in parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Examination of shared gut microbiome signatures in aging and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association Between Pain Subtypes and Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Plant natural products targeting NLRP3 inflammasome in Parkinson's disease: Molecular activation and regulation to therapeutics.
Title: Nanotherapeutic Interventions for Parkinson's Disease: Modulating Pathogenic Mechanisms and Overcoming Therapeutic Obstacles.
Title: Discovery of Potent, Selective, CNS-Penetrant Macrocyclic LRRK2 Inhibitors for the Treatment of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Peripheral inflammation predicts motor, cognitive, and disease progression in Parkinson's disease: A 4-year longitudinal study from the PPMI cohorts.
Title: The Brain-Gut Axis in Parkinson's Disease Pathology.
Title: Genome editing in Parkinson's disease: Unlocking therapeutic avenues through CRISPR-Cas systems.
Title: Serum IGF-1 and anxiety trajectories in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Diagnostic pathways and reported latency of Parkinson's disease among Chinese immigrants in New York city: A retrospective chart review.
Title: Striatal DAT and disease progression in Parkinson's disease: New evidence from autonomic dysfunction.
Title: Preliminary evidence for cognitive associations of postural control in older and younger adults, and people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: A liver-mitochondria-immune axis in Parkinson's disease: emerging perspectives on a hepatic origin for mitochondrial autoimmunity as a driver of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Circadian disruption and its clinical implications in Parkinson's disease: A Narrative review.
Title: Associations of epigenetic age acceleration with motor impairment: Evidence from the Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative cohort.
Title: Neurotransmitter Dysregulation in Parkinson's Disease: Pathophysiological Insights and Therapeutic Perspectives.
Title: Pallidal and subthalamic stimulations modulate inter-hemispheric interaction and asymmetry in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The genetic spectrum of LRRK2 variants in Parkinson's disease: findings from a large Chinese cohort.
Title: O-GlcNAcylation regulates microglial neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Pathological microtubule dynamics in Parkinson's disease: Mechanisms and therapeutic implications.
Title: Does ACE2 deficiency have a role in Parkinson's disease -exacerbated pulmonary fibrosis?
Title: Explainable MRI radiomics of the basal ganglia and ventral midbrain distinguishes Parkinson's disease, SWEDD, and healthy controls.
Title: Regulation of short-term declarative memory by selective activation of the locus coeruleus-retrosplenial cortex dopaminergic pathway and its pathological alterations in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Distinct motor cortex interneuron plasticity and its association with prefrontal brain volume in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Flavonoid Rutin Reduces Intestinal Inflammation in an Experimental Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dietary Lipids and Lipid-Mediated Signaling Neurovascular Unit Dysfunction: Implications for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Diseases Pathogenesis.
Title: Decode the Ubiquitinome in Parkinson's Disease: From Pathological Aggregates to Targeted DUB Therapeutics.
Title: Predictive modeling of putamen dopamine in Parkinson's disease: relevance to prognosis, treatment, and prevention.
Title: Tracking the trail: Using VR to explore cognitive-motor function in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Predicting Long-Term Depression Progression in Parkinson's Disease: A Machine-Learning Survival Analysis and Risk Score.
Title: Group-Based Advance Care Planning for Parkinson's Spectrum Disorders: A Retrospective Evaluation of an Integrated Outpatient Model.
Title: Exocrine Gland Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease: Pathophysiology, Clinical Manifestations, and Therapeutic Perspectives-A Narrative Review.
Title: Cross-Modal Synergy Representation of EMG and Joint Angular Acceleration During Gait in Parkinson's Disease Using NMF and Multimodal Matrix Factorization.
Title: The Gut Microbiota in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanistic Insights into Microbial-Host Interactions.
Title: Preclinical Evaluation of 
Title: Digital Gait Biomarkers for Parkinson's Disease: Subject-Wise Validated Explainable AI Framework Using Vertical Ground Reaction Force Signals.
Title: Parkinson's Disease: From Metabolism to Genetics-A Comprehensive Review.
Title: Adult Neurogenesis in Neurodegenerative Diseases: Mechanisms of Dysregulation in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Amelioration of 6-OHDA-Induced Parkinson's Symptoms in Zebrafish Larvae by an Almond Skin Acetonic Extract.
Title: Repurposing Antidiabetic Medications for Parkinson's Disease: Focus on Biomarker Strategies for Disease Modification.
Title: Effect of 
Title: Reconsidering Placebo Effects in Neuromodulation for Parkinson's Disease: Lessons for Clinical Trials and Therapeutic Translation.
Title: Insulin Resistance Surrogates and Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study with Interpretable Machine Learning.
Title: The efficacy and safety of precision repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in alleviating motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease (PRESS-PD): a randomized, double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled trial.
Title: Alignment of 5-2-1 criteria with Neurologists' clinical judgment in identifying Advanced Parkinson's Disease in Morocco: A cross-sectional inter-rater agreement study.
Title: Olfactory dysfunction in essential tremor with rest tremor: a cross-sectional comparison with parkinson's disease and essential tremor.
Title: Machine learning prediction of discharge destination in patients with Parkinson's disease; a nationwide cohort study.
Title: Isotopically enriched 
Title: Corrigendum to "Activation of α7nAch receptors ameliorates α-synuclein pathology in the brain and gut of a subacute MPTP mouse model of Parkinson's disease" [Biomed. Pharmacother. 184 (2025) 117871].
Title: Wrist Vibration Increases Presynaptic Inhibition of the Soleus Muscle During Step Initiation in People With Freezing of Gait and Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Study.
Title: Research progress on employing medicinal plants and their active compounds to target autophagic pathways for Parkinson's disease therapy.
Title: Synergistic effect of carboxymethyl chitosan and phloroglucinol against rotenone induced Parkinson's disease in zebrafish model.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of GLP-2 and a GLP-2/GIP dual receptor agonist in an MPTP-induced mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Altered EEG microstate transition patterns and visual hallucinations in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: An artificial neural network based on radial basis methodology using delay effects in the Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Depression in Parkinson's disease: prevalence and impact on oculomotor features.
Title: Erratum for the Research Article "Parkinson's VPS35[D620N] mutation induces LRRK2-mediated lysosomal association of RILPL1 and TMEM55B" by P. Pal 
Title: Fusion of Supervised Feature Selection and Unsupervised Clustering for Multinuclei Classification of MER Signals in DBS for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Astrocytic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease pathogenesis: focusing on alpha-synuclein.
Title: Mitochondrial Ultrastructure, Fission Proteins, Activity, and Motor Dysfunctions in the Innovative Parkinson's Disease Model Induced by Manganese Inhalation.
Title: Potential Effects of Music on Non-Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: Translating Mechanisms to Therapy.
Title: The Retina as a Proxy for Brain Neurodegeneration: A Narrative Review on OCT-Based Retinal Imaging in the Early Detection of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Outcome of People with Parkinson's Disease Treated with Levodopa-Entacapone-Carbidopa Intestinal Gel Who Failed Previous Subcutaneous Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa.
Title: The Use of Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation Techniques in Subjects with Parkinson's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Systematic Review.
Title: The Effect of Stress on Working Memory in Persons with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Integrating Eye Tracking and Inertial Sensing for Enhanced Freezing of Gait Detection in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Deciphering the Impact of EPHA1-AS1 Gene Polymorphism on Social Cognition Deficits in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: TremorFusion: AI-driven feature extraction for multi-class Parkinson's tremor classification using CSVM and DeepK-CNN.
Title: Multimodal data-driven eye-movement subtypes and their cerebral glucose metabolic patterns in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Modeling 
Title: Parkinson's disease linked LRRK2 G2019S drives oxidative nuclear DNA damage and PARP1 hyperactive signaling.
Title: Exploring the molecular mechanisms by which exercise improves cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease based on the brain-gut microbiota axis: bibliometrics and visualization analysis.
Title: Impact of region-based shape alterations in MRI as indicators of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cross-national disparities in end-of-life outcomes and care strategies for Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of China and the United States.
Title: Parkinson's disease in real life healthcare organization database: a medication-based algorithm.
Title: The Effects of Color Therapy on Fatigue, Depression, and Quality of Life in Parkinson's Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Decoding the RNA Shield: HNRNPC and YTHDF2 Act as Guardians of Neurons in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Neuropsychiatric symptoms and their impact on cognitive functioning in patients with parkinson's disease: A systematic review of the literature.
Title: Novel mechanism of hypidone hydrochloride (YL-0919) in Parkinson's disease: inhibiting neuronal ferroptosis by targeting the Sigma1R-PI3K-AKT-ACSL4 axis.
Title: Environmental enrichment ameliorates the impairments of a rodent model of prodromal Parkinson's disease.
Title: Infrared spectral signatures of plasma-derived small extracellular vesicles reveal diagnostic potential of idiopathic Parkinson's disease detection.
Title: Melatonin-loaded MSCs-derived exosomes as therapeutic carriers to alleviate levodopa-induced dyskinesia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Is being asymmetric a bad thing? Insights from a longitudinal observational study on STN-DBS Parkinson's disease.
Title: A supramolecular fluorescent probe targeting mitochondrial iron for assisting early Parkinson's disease diagnosis.
Title: Mitochondrial Proteins in Putative Neuron-Derived Plasma Exosomes Are Altered in Parkinson's Disease: An Exploratory Study.
Title: The influence of motor and non-motor characteristics of Parkinson's disease on motor imagery vividness.
Title: Harnessing artificial intelligence: Revolutionizing clinical care for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association of Orthostatic Hypotension with Patient-Reported Outcomes and Dopaminergic Medication in Parkinson Disease: A Pragmatic Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Temporal Dynamics of Parkinson's Disease Tremor: Clinical and Neuroimaging Insights.
Title: Cerebral activation following dynamic cycling in individuals with and without Parkinson's disease: an fNIRS investigation.
Title: Meta-analysis reveals apolipoprotein ε4 confers higher susceptibility to Parkinson's disease dementia in Asian populations.
Title: Machine learning analysis of population-wide plasma proteins identifies hormonal biomarkers of Parkinson's disease.
Title: HyCoSwin-PD: An explainable hybrid ConvNeXtV2-Swin transformer framework for Parkinson's disease detection from neuroimaging.
Title: Complement receptor 3 (CR3)-dependent microglial synapse elimination drives Parkinson's disease pathogenesis in systemic inflammation.
Title: Voice and Speech Characteristics in Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Annexin A1 and its N-terminal peptide Ac
Title: Endogenous ATP-powered nanomotors directing neural stem cell differentiation for Parkinson's disease treatment.
Title: Parkinson's disease and Porphyromonas gingivalis levels: a case-control study.
Title: Efficacy and Safety of Glucagon-Like Peptide 1 Receptor Agonists in Parkinson Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: The Neuroameliorative Effects of Enzymatically Modified Isoquercitrin and Sodium R-lipoate on the Rotenone rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Amyloid and Tau Co-pathology in Parkinson Disease and Atypical Parkinsonism.
Title: Effectiveness of combined cognitive and exercise training versus single exercise training on cognition in people with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Refining the Parkinson's Disease Risk Estimator for Decline In Cognition Tool (PREDICT).
Title: Clinical usability of telephone-based cognitive screening tests in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Therapeutic Efficacy of Curcumin Nanoparticles in Parkinson's Disease: An Integrated Analysis of Network Pharmacology, Experimental Validation, and Gut Microbiota.
Title: Dietary habits and adherence to the Mediterranean diet in a cohort of Parkinson's disease patients in Lithuania.
Title: Pharmacological effects and mechanisms of curcumin in animal models of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Privacy and personalisation: predicting Parkinson's disease severity from real-world gait with federated learning.
Title: Neuropsychological aspects of impulse control disorders in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Novel applications of machine learning and computational neuroscience models to neuroimaging in Parkinson's disease and related disorders.
Title: Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease in a 36-Year-Old Woman with Uncomplicated Vaginal Birth: A Case Report.
Title: At the extreme limits of L-DOPA therapy: probable dopamine dysregulation and psychiatric complications in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of deep brain stimulation on patients with Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Hip exoskeleton assistance with machine-learning-based state estimation improves gait kinematics of people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Exploring maintenance of spatiotemporal gait parameters during internal and external rhythmic auditory cueing in Parkinson's disease.
Title: SYNGR3 Accelerates α-Synuclein Aggregation and Neurodegeneration in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Exploration of the structural diversity and distribution pattern of gangliosides and sulfatides in mouse brain tissues and biomarkers for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dissecting Motor Domain Responses to Vibration Therapy in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Regression Protocol.
Title: Periodontal inflammation and tryptophan-kynurenine metabolism in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Early-onset Parkinson's disease: clinical findings and progression.
Title: Global, regional, and national burden of Early-onset Parkinson's disease: A comprehensive analysis and forecast, 1990-2021.
Title: Predictive simulations of postural control: exploring the role of signal noise and neural delays in Parkinson's disease.
Title: LRRK2-targeting antisense oligonucleotide in Parkinson's disease: a phase 1 randomized controlled trial.
Title: Physiotherapy interventions for balance impairments in Parkinson's disease: evidence from a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.
Title: Suppression of pathological oscillations with transcranial focused ultrasound in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dysphagia Management in Individuals With Parkinson Disease and Cognitive Dysfunction: A Scoping Review.
Title: The Cognitive Substrates of Action Fluency: A Multivariate Analysis in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Epigenetic activation of PDLIM7 via H3K27 acetylation mitigates neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration in parkinson's disease models.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of Premna integrifolia nano-phytosomes in haloperidol-induced Parkinson's rat model: A computational-guided Olivil nanoformulation delivery approach.
Title: The role of N-acetylcysteine and glutathione in the management of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review of oxidative biomarkers and clinical outcomes.
Title: TLR4-Mediated Immune Dysfunction Links MASLD and Parkinson's Disease: Insights from an Omics-Based Network Analysis.
Title: Balance and Postural Outcomes of Vibration Therapies in Parkinson's Disease: Protocol for a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Blunted response of caudal locus coeruleus to arousing stimuli in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Vestibular functioning in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Early intestinal barrier changes in A53T transgenic Parkinson's disease mice.
Title: Cerebrospinal fluid and plasma metabolites in Parkinson's disease: a Mendelian randomization study.
Title: Publisher Correction: Prediction of all-cause mortality in Parkinson's disease with explainable artificial intelligence using administrative healthcare data.
Title: Geranium oil, a plant-derived essential oil, exhibits neuroprotective properties as a dietary intervention in a model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cortically Mediated Muscle Responses to Balance Perturbations Increase with Perturbation Magnitude in Older Adults with and without Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Paraquat-induced rodent models of Parkinson's disease: A PRISMA-compliant systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Involvement of 75NTR extracellular domain in rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease cell models.
Title: A voxel-level degree centrality study in Parkinson's disease and the correlation with transcriptomes.
Title: Activation of mitophagy via miR-223/NLRP3 axis ameliorates dopaminergic neuronal damage in parkinson's disease.
Title: Orthostatic blood pressure trajectories characterize heterogeneous disease progression in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Best practice guidelines for the diagnosis, evaluation, and management of cognitive disorders in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Host-microbiota interactions: a novel insight into the aryl hydrocarbon receptor in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Discordance between actual and perceived balance ability relates to quality of life and global cognition in a clinical sample of Parkinson patients.
Title: The Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative: Why Then? Why Now?
Title: A Review of Therapeutic Strategies to Enhance ;Neuroplasticity in Parkinson's Disease: ;Implications for Slowing Disease Progression ;and Promoting Recovery.
Title: An exploratory study of altered regional homogeneity in Parkinson's disease with depression.
Title: Optimizing sialorrhea management in Parkinson's disease: a patient journey mapping approach.
Title: Interconnected roles of astrocytes and the blood-brain barrier in Parkinson's disease: pathological evidence, mechanistic insights, and knowledge gaps.
Title: Massive-scale single-nucleus multi-omics identifies novel rare noncoding drivers of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association Between Glymphatic Dysfunction and Anxiety in Parkinson's Disease: Insights from DTI-ALPS and Choroid Plexus Volume.
Title: TEM-based Study of the Phenotype of Astrocytes Differentiated from Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells from a Healthy Donor and a Patient with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Population-scale burden analysis of rare damaging coding variants identifies novel risk genes for Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Real-Time Kinematic Adaptive Deep Brain Stimulation Safely Reduces Gait Impairment and Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Pilot randomized controlled trial of the ReFresh online fatigue management programme for people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Asymmetric Cholinergic Basal Forebrain Atrophy Marks Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: N200 and P300 as neurophysiological markers of the cognitive continuum in Parkinson's disease: insights from an inhibitory control task.
Title: Instability of Oculomotor Control in Parkinson's Disease Without Freezing of Gait: Evidence From Reflexive and Voluntary Saccade Variability.
Title: Integration of cross-species multi-omics with in vivo experimental validation identifies Parkinson's disease therapeutic targets and novel risk factors within endolysosomal pathway subnetworks.
Title: Knockdown of RNF128 attenuated Parkinson's-induced mitochondrial dysfunction in neurons by stabilizing the SIRT1 protein.
Title: Epidemiological burden of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases in East Asia: A comparative review of global burden of disease estimates and national registry data.
Title: Cannabinoids and cognition in Parkinson's disease: Insights from animal models and emerging clinical evidence.
Title: Miratul Muqit: leading an alliance to decode Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lifestyle interventions for Parkinson's disease - Authors' reply.
Title: Lifestyle interventions for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lifestyle interventions for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Fronto-medial theta instability error signal correlates with postural sway in Parkinson's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy.
Title: Comparative analysis of static and dynamic postural balance control in multiple system atrophy and Parkinson's disease using an intermittent control model.
Title: Large-scale profiling of blood microbial signatures in patients with Parkinson's disease and its association with disease progression: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Infrathalamic ablation in advanced Parkinson's disease: Three-year outcomes support a safe and accessible therapeutic strategy.
Title: "Comment on: Mid-long term efficacy of dihydroergotoxine mesylate in treatment of sialorrhea in Parkinson's disease".
Title: Molecular mirror: reflecting the complexity of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Symptom-based indicators of autonomic dysfunction and their bidirectional associations with Parkinson's disease incidence and adverse outcomes.
Title: Profiling of 5-hydroxymethylcytosine in blood reveals preferential enrichment at exon-intron junctions and predictive value for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroprotective effect of RMF in a mouse model of sporadic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Biopreservation of a tissue engineered nigrostriatal pathway for tract reconstruction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Associating Resting-State functional connectivity and improvements in reactive balance in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Modulating GRP75 to restore calcium homeostasis: a novel neuroprotective strategy of CRSE6
Title: Advances in Parkinson's disease management using umbilical cord-derived mesenchymal stem cells.
Title: Association of Physical Exercise With Structural Brain Changes and Cognitive Decline in Patients With Early Parkinson Disease.
Title: Developing and validating a clinically actionable prediction tool for Parkinson disease using explainable machine learning with multidimensional national data: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Tavapadon as Adjunctive Treatment for Parkinson Disease: The TEMPO-3 Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Fixed-Dose Tavapadon for Early Parkinson Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Natural Polyphenols Versus Standard Therapy: Effects on Neuroinflammation and Alpha-Synuclein Expression in a 1-Methyl-4-Phenyl-1,2,3,6-Tetrahydropyridine (MPTP)-Induced Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging abnormalities and plasma GLP-1 levels in Parkinson's disease with cognitive impairment.
Title: A bibliometric analysis of alpha-synuclein in Parkinson's disease from 2015 to 2024.
Title: Latent-profile analysis of sleep disturbances, cognitive performance and neuropsychiatric symptoms reveals subtypes of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Financial abilities in patients with Parkinson's disease and mild cognitive impairment: unveiling cognitive and neurofunctional correlates of basic and advanced financial skills.
Title: Sleep Duration, Chronotype, and Mortality in Parkinson's Disease: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Title: Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa Overnight Administration Improves Nocturia in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: Evidence from a Real-World Study.
Title: The COMPEX-trial: computer-based cognitive rehabilitation to improve executive function versus unspecific training in patients after stroke, cardiac arrest or in Parkinson's disease: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Can virtual reality interventions reduce falls in Parkinson's disease? A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Title: Glycomic Profiling Reveals Enhanced Sialylation and Plasma-Derived Fibrinogen Accumulation in the Parkinson's Disease Cerebellum.
Title: Evaluation of phytochemicals from Tamarindus indica as a potential catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) inhibitor: an in-silico approach for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Altered wakeful theta activity characterizes levodopa-induced dyskinesia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Age at onset of Parkinson's disease modulates the sphingolipid-dopaminergic interplay in autonomic progression.
Title: Cortical and basal ganglia beta oscillations and frequency-dependent DBS effects in the A53T Parkinson's disease rat model.
Title: Parkinson's disease-associated PLA2G6 protects IP3R1 protein to control ER-mitochondria tethering and Ca
Title: Effects of Sulbactam on behavioral and neuronal deficits in an MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease rat model.
Title: Transplantation of encapsulated mitochondria alleviates dysfunction in mitochondrial and Parkinson's disease models.
Title: [Effects of nordic walking in individuals with Parkinson's disease: A review of systematic reviews].
Title: Transanal Irrigation in patients with Parkinson's Disease and chronic constipation: rebalancing the Gut Microbiota?
Title: Domain-specific severity profiles in a large Turkish Parkinson's disease cohort using MDS-UPDRS cut-offs.
Title: Clinical efficacy of a non-immersive virtual reality-based balance training device in improving balance and gait in Parkinson's disease; A randomized controlled trial.
Title: A potent icaritin derivative ameliorates Parkinson's disease via GPER-mediated mitophagy restoration and dopaminergic neuroprotection.
Title: Striatal Dopamine Transporter and Rest Tremor in Parkinson Disease: A Clinical Validation.
Title: Robust 3D Pose estimation and Parkinson's Disease classification via Dual-Stage Adaptive Temporal Perception and graph topology modeling network.
Title: Internal Heat Acupuncture Treatment Inhibits Ferroptosis in the Spinal Dorsal Horn in Neurotoxin-Induced Parkinson's Disease Rats.
Title: Kinematic and Acoustic Responses to Predictable and Unexpected Auditory Feedback Perturbations in Speakers With and Without Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Collaborative action for biomarker breakthroughs: Validating α-synuclein seed amplification assays in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Parkinson's Disease-Health Index: A novel, disease-specific patient-reported outcome measure.
Title: The central cholinergic system as a therapeutic target in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Diagnostic Value of Glycocalyx Shedding in Blood for Differentiating between Parkinson's Disease and Multiple System Atrophy.
Title: Effects of daily walking exercise on constipation in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Network localization of functional and structural correlates of apathy in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Separable, symptom specific alterations in brain microstructure associated with early-stage Parkinson's disease.
Title: A feasibility open-label clinical trial utilizing second-generation artificial intelligence based on the constrained-disorder principle in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of DPP-4 inhibitors sitagliptin and vildagliptin in Parkinson's disease via autophagy modulation.
Title: The impact of bright light therapy on non-motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The SENSS (Stress, Exercise, Nutrition, Sleep, Self-management) study: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial to evaluate an integrated, personalized and stepped care lifestyle approach for people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Direct current stimulation induced reduction in α-synuclein in primary neurons: targeting Parkinson's disease.
Title: Zanthoxylum armatum Essential Oil Attenuates MPP
Title: Influence of family support, self-care performance and symptom clusters on quality of life among individuals with Parkinson's disease: A cross-sectional descriptive study.
Title: Gut macrophages involved in Parkinson disease pathogenesis.
Title: Sex differences in the severity of non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Integrative clinical and genomic analyses reveal a causal role of GPNMB in the bone-brain axis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Deep brain stimulation in the Middle East: First UAE experience comparing subthalamic and pallidal targets for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of Wearable Devices on Parkinson Disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials Within the International Classification of Functioning, Disability, and Health Framework.
Title: Effect of rhythmic auditory stimulation (RAS)® with and without melody on Parkinson's disease (PD) patients with deep brain stimulation (DBS): A study protocol.
Title: Association between Plasma P-tau217 and Alzheimer's Copathology and Cognitive Decline in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: EEFSA-SECM: an enhanced ensemble feature selection and stacking ensemble classifier to detect Parkinson's disease.
Title: Advances in the pharmacological management of early motor manifestations of Parkinson's disease (PD).
Title: Astragaloside IV alleviates motor and anxiety deficits in Parkinson's disease mice by targeting TLR4.
Title: Indirubin and Retinoic Acid Show Binding Affinity to Monocyte Biomarker CSF3R in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Narrative Review: Intestinal α-Syn Oligomers as a Novel Pharmacological Target for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Slow motion videography in Parkinson's disease: unraveling masked phenomenology.
Title: Tribolium castaneum with longer duration of tonic immobility have more variations corresponding to the human Parkinson's disease genomic region.
Title: Spinal cord involvement and cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Loss of METTL14 in dopaminergic neurons disrupts ER homeostasis via m6A-dependent regulation of Atp2a3 mRNA: Implications for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Commentary for "Longitudinal implications of BDNF rs6265 polymorphism on motor and non-motor features of Parkinson's disease in Korean population".
Title: Association between auditory event-related potential latencies and apathy severity in Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Heel-Tapping-Based Parkinson's Disease Progression Monitoring Using Smart Insoles.
Title: Burden of Parkinson's disease from 1990 to 2021 at the global, regional, and national level, with forecasts to 2035.
Title: Simultaneous inhibition of mTOR and STING as an approach to reduce alpha-synuclein and lysosphingolipid levels in peripheral blood monocytederived macrophages and the SH-SY5Y cell line: implications for therapy of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The VPS35 protein and the role of its impairments in mitochondrial dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Sydney Multicenter Study of Parkinson's Disease: The Why, the How, and the Outcome.
Title: Parkinson's Disease in Times of War: Gaps in Knowledge and Emerging Controversies.
Title: Evaluation of the expressions of GPR30, GPR120 and GPR125 proteins in rat testis in the experimentally created Parkinson model.
Title: International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society Clinical Outcome Assessments are Available in REDCap.
Title: CSF Monoamine Metabolites and Cognitive Trajectory in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Comparative study of refractive errors between patients with Parkinson's disease versus age- and sex-matched healthy controls.
Title: Suicidality in Parkinson's disease: a controlled study and review of literature.
Title: Propofol-Associated Upward Gaze Deviation in a Patient With Parkinson Disease.
Title: [Effects of electroacupuncture on the SIRT3/NF-κB /MAPK signaling pathway in the substantia nigra of mice with Parkinson's disease].
Title: The α-synuclein proteostasis network and its translational applications in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of a level-based immersive virtual reality physical therapy program on static and dynamic balance in Parkinson's disease: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Multivariate analysis of sex differences in Parkinson's disease: the distinct contributions of fall-related self-efficacy and voice handicap.
Title: Neuroprotective potential of Bilacunaria microcarpa extracts in Mpp+ induced SH-SY5Y cell model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impact of subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation on voice and speech in Parkinson's disease.
Title: [Basal ganglia and movement disorders-Part 2: … and if it is not Parkinson's disease? : Nondegenerative causes and neuroradiological patterns].
Title: Gene therapy for Parkinson's disease: current landscape, translational challenges, and future directions.
Title: The Role of Protein Lactylation Modification in Parkinson's Disease: From Pathogenesis to Therapeutic Potential.
Title: 1
Title: Hypotensive Episodes Precede Cognitive Fluctuations in Parkinson's Disease Dementia.
Title: Macroscale Gradient-Informed Neural Oscillation Topography in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: AI-powered speech analysis for early prediction of Parkinson's disease:: [Quantitative hypokinetic dysarthria as a biomarker for early Parkinson's detection: A machine learning approach].
Title: Untargeted serum metabolomics and air pollution in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Explainable multimodal feature fusion networks for Parkinson's disease prediction.
Title: Case Report: CAR-T therapy for relapsed diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in a patient with pre-existing Parkinson's disease-unfolding clinical challenges.
Title: Altered attention and visuospatial abnormalities in Parkinson's disease: links to attention networks and basal ganglia.
Title: Efficacy and safety of robot-assisted vs. stereotactic framework deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease: a retrospective study.
Title: Clostridium perfringens Bacteremia Secondary to Stercoral Colitis in a Patient With Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A Rare Case Report.
Title: Can neurologic music therapy make the difference when using immersive virtual reality in Parkinson disease motor training? Promising findings from a secondary analysis.
Title: Hallucinations and cognitive impairment are associated with blood pressure fluctuations in Parkinson's disease.
Title: An improved Glucocerebrosidase Assay for Accurate Prediction of Lysosomal Dysfunction: Exemplified by Its Relevance in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Trajectories and Predictors of Activity Participation Among People with Parkinson Disease: A 3-Year Longitudinal Study.
Title: [The relationship between Parkinson's disease and metabolic disorders: the impact of systemic dysfunctions on neurodegeneration].
Title: Recommendations to Improve Healthcare Service Provision for Cognitive Impairment in People With Parkinson's Disease: A Mixed Methods Study of the Lived Experience Expert Perspective.
Title: Upper Limb Freezing without Gait Freezing in Parkinson's Disease: a Striking Case of a Rare Phenomenon.
Title: Closing the Gate Before the Horse is out of the Barn: A Model to Effectively Predict the First Fall in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dynamic Reconfiguration of Cognitive Networks and Recovery From Microlesion Effects in Parkinson's Disease: Insights From a Longitudinal fNIRS Study.
Title: Associations Among Pain, Depression, Cognition, and Motor Function in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Comparative Analysis of Impulse Control Symptoms Among Individuals Receiving GPi-DBS or STN-DBS for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dose reduction for synaptic density PET imaging in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Targeting TREM2 to disentangle neuroinflammation and α-Syn pathological propagation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Electroencephalography microstates detect early cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dietary one‑carbon nutrients and genetic risk in Parkinson disease: a prospective cohort study.
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of the Combination of Green Tea, Saffron, Docosahexaenoic Acid, and α-Lipoic Acid in an In Vitro Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Electroacupuncture mitigates oxidative stress and neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease via mitigating autophagy-lysosome dysfunction.
Title: Predictors of motor outcome with pallidal stimulation for Parkinson's disease from the CSP468 cohort.
Title: Mechanistic of LRRK2-Mediated Pyroptosis Via the NLRP3/Caspase-1/GSDMD Pathway in Parkinson's Disease Progression.
Title: Assessing Time-Frequency Analysis Methods for Non-Stationary EMG Bursts: Application to an Animal Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: 
Title: Dose-Dependent Neuroprotective Effects of Valproate on Motor Function and Striatal D2 Receptor Stability in a 6-OHDA Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Progress of Active Immunotherapy for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Impact of Motor Symptom Asymmetry on the Relationship Between Non-Motor Manifestations and Neurometabolic Profiles in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Longitudinal Evaluation of Dysarthria Progression in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Antipsychotic Medications in Parkinson's Disease Psychosis; A Systematic Review of Double-Blind, Randomised, Placebo-Controlled Trials.
Title: Use of AR/VR for Treatment of Freezing of Gait (FoG) in Parkinson's Disease (PD).
Title: Sleep Disturbances and Sexual Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease: Sex Differences and Impact on Quality of Life in a Turkish Cohort.
Title: Association of Impulse Control Disorders with Cognitive Performance and Frontal Dysfunction in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Optical coherence tomography angiography assessment of macular and peripapillary microvasculature in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evodiamine alleviates MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease in mice by regulating gut microbiota and suppressing TLR4/MyD88/NF-kB pathway.
Title: Neuroimaging evidence of microstructural alteration in Parkinson's disease with subjective cognitive decline.
Title: Gut microbiota modulation via repeated donor fecal transplantation improves motor and gastrointestinal symptoms in drug-naïve Parkinson's disease: a randomized phase 2 trial.
Title: A deep clustering Gaussian process algorithm for motor progression prediction of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Variance reduction with synaptic density imaging in Parkinson's disease using direct-4D PET image reconstruction.
Title: A novel multimodal AI framework for early diagnosis of idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Prebiotics attenuate depressive-like behavior, neuroinflammation and synaptic plasticity in Parkinson's disease by modulating butyrate-producing gut bacteria.
Title: Genotype-associated outcomes after deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review, meta-analysis and epigenetic implications.
Title: New insights into synaptic vesicle dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Shared genetic architecture between Parkinson's disease and self-reported sleep-related traits implicates the 
Title: Potential Synergistic Roles of Ketogenic Diet and Stem Cell Therapy in Parkinson's Disease: A Narrative Review.
Title: Resolution of Visual Hallucinations in Parkinson's Disease After Right Occipitoparietal Subcortical Hemorrhage: A Case Report.
Title: MultimodalCNN-PD: a Parkinson's disease diagnostics framework using multimodal convolutional neural network.
Title: The impact of CSF1R inhibitor-mediated microglial depletion in rodent models of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Advancing Development of LRRK2-Targeted Therapeutics for Parkinson's Disease: Conference Proceedings and Roadmap for Research.
Title: 18β-Glycyrrhetinic acid attenuates endoplasmic reticulum stress and neuroinflammation via the PI3K/AKT-dependent pathway in MPTP/p-induced Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: A mixed methods study exploring factors that impact physiotherapy participation for people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Prediction of depression development in Parkinson's disease patients: a radiomics-based machine learning study.
Title: Association between monounsaturated fatty acids intake with Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: A comprehensive analysis of the interaction network of immunomodulatory-related differentially expressed genes, aiming to identify biomarkers associated with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Wearable sensors for monitoring drug pharmacokinetics in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: North-South asymmetry of Parkinson's disease mortality in Brazil between 2009 and 2023: a spatial analysis.
Title: Imaging and genome-supported association of glymphatic system function and multiregional brain characteristics with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cell-autonomous and noncell-autonomous drivers of dopamine neuron vulnerability in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Time to Freeze: Development of OFF- and OFFON-State Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dose-Response Relationship of Virtual Reality Training in Parkinson's Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Overall Motor Function, Functional Mobility, and Balance Confidence.
Title: Artificial intelligence and multiomics integration for Parkinson's disease drug development.
Title: Effects of long-term treatment with transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields in Parkinson's disease on kinematic and electrophysiological tremor.
Title: The impact of temporal muscle thickness as an indicator of sarcopenia on clinical status in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Effects of Digital Health Interventions on Motor Symptoms, Nonmotor Symptoms, and Quality of Life in Patients With Parkinson Disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Evaluation of Deep Learning-Based Event Detection for Parameter Estimation During Complex Walking in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Synthetic strategies for small molecule compounds for the treatment of Parkinson's disease: targeting α-synuclein.
Title: Technologies used in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of their effect on health-related quality of life.
Title: Efficacy of rTMS and TBS on the motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a network meta-analysis.
Title: Progressive iron deposition and widespread neural dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: a multimodal MRI study.
Title: Advancing personalized medicine for Parkinson's disease: transforming treatment and therapeutic outcomes.
Title: Correlation between brain symmetry index and motor function in Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The Burden of Parkinson's Disease Based on the GBD 2021.
Title: Empowering Patients: The Role of Group Health Coaching in Improving Self-Efficacy and Well-Being in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Robot-Assisted Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease : Accuracy, Workflow, Clinical Outcomes, and Safety.
Title: [Effects of Acanthopanax senticosus extract on Parkinson's disease mice via untargeted lipidomics across multiple brain regions].
Title: The Topographical, Sensory, and Temporal Characteristics of Pain in Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Survey.
Title: Wearable sensor measurements in relation to clinical characteristics and mortality in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of chemogenetic inhibition of serotonergic raphe-striatal neurons on L-DOPA-induced behaviors and neurochemistry in a rat model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Redefining Parkinson's Disease management: the synergistic role of neurotrophic factors and mitochondria.
Title: Deciphering novel genotypic biomarkers and functional alterations in double strand break repair pathways for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Retraction notice to "Juglanin ameliorates LPS-induced neuroinflammation in animal models of Parkinson's disease and cell culture via inactivating TLR4/NF-κB pathway" [Biomedicine & Pharmacotherapy 97 (2018) 1011-1019].
Title: Extracellular vesicles released in vitro from a Parkinson's disease-like model: a combined biochemical and spectroscopic approach as proof of concept for the diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases.
Title: Brain lipidomics identifies mitochondrial redox dysfunction and metabolic trade-offs associated with Parkinson's disease-like pathology induced by Nanoplastics exposure.
Title: Microglia Dld-K127 lactylation promotes Parkinson's disease via regulating the metabolism of lactate-pyruvate transformation.
Title: Risk of somatoform and sleep-related disorders in Parkinson's disease: A nationwide matched cohort study.
Title: Bridging the gap: Evaluating a community-based palliative care intervention for underserved patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Enhancing Adherence to Home-Based Expiratory Muscle Strength Training in Parkinson Disease: Randomized Controlled Trial of an mHealth Intervention.
Title: Virtual Reality and Body Weight-Supported Treadmill Training in Gait Rehabilitation for Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: RELA as a Diagnostic Biomarker for Parkinson's Disease by Integrating Ferroptosis, Lipid Metabolism, and Neuroinflammation.
Title: Is physical fitness associated with brain structure and function in Parkinson's disease?
Title: Perioperative quantification of MDS-UPDRS-III tremor measurements in patients with Parkinson's disease using accelerometry.
Title: Positive Airway Pressure Therapy for Cognitive Enhancement in Parkinson's Disease: From Statistical Signals to Clinical Practice.
Title: Early bone health assessment is indicated in Parkinson's: Risk factor analysis in a UK population-based cohort study.
Title: Cultural and systemic barriers in Parkinson's disease diagnosis, treatment, and research participation among Asian Americans: A qualitative study.
Title: Creation of a machine learning-based model for early identification of mild cognitive impairment risk in Parkinson's disease: A PD research center-based population study.
Title: Stimulation and Medication Effects on Subthalamic Nucleus Beta-Band Power in Parkinson's Disease: Implications for Adaptive Deep Brain Stimulation.
Title: Genetic risk loci for Parkinson's disease and dementia in a large-scale population-based Taiwanese cohort (TPMI).
Title: Fluoride Exposure as a Possible Environmental Modifier of Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease: Insights from a Rural North Indian Cohort.
Title: Characterizing motor-cognitive associations in Parkinson's disease using digital assessments.
Title: Segmentation and structural connectivity of the putamen for targeted convection enhanced drug delivery in Parkinson's disease: a tractography-based approach.
Title: Synergetic pathways for Parkinson's disease therapy: The intersection of exercise and stem cell science.
Title: Genome-Wide Assessment Reveals Ancestral Differences in Homozygosity Patterns Potentially Linked to Parkinson's Disease Etiology.
Title: Correction to "Bi-Cephalic Self-Attended Model to Classify Parkinson's Disease Patients With Freezing of Gait".
Title: ParkiSoDance: Feasibility Assessment of a 
Title: Five-Year Disease Progression in Synuclein Seeding Positive Sporadic Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Groningen Meander Walking Test: a reliable and valid test for assessing advanced walking ability in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Saccadic variability in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Elevation of Stearoyl-Coenzyme A Desaturase and Monounsaturated Fatty Acids in Parkinson's Disease Serum.
Title: Comprehensive lipidomics reveal Rotenone exposure induces redox-driven lipid droplet accumulation, systemic lipidome perturbation and differential metabolic prioritization linked to Parkinson's disease.
Title: Implications of cellular senescence in Parkinson's disease: Recent developments and future directions.
Title: Generation of a human induced pluripotent stem cell line NTUHi007-A from a patient with Parkinson's disease harboring a heterozygous missense mutation c.1858 G > A (p.D620N) in VPS35 gene.
Title: Effects of transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation on motor and gait performance in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Clathrin-mediated endocytosis as an axis for the etiopathogenesis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Predominance of Ferroptotic Cell Death Mechanisms in Substantia Nigra Neurodegeneration in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Insights and priorities from the 2025 private funders' Parkinson's disease and related disorders large footprint data interoperability summit.
Title: Cardamonin ameliorates neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease by regulating NF-κB signaling.
Title: Targeting NME3 to Restore Mitochondrial Fission-Fusion Balance Defines a Novel Disease-Modifying Strategy for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy and safety of deferiprone for Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of motor function and overall disease severity.
Title: Association of Bassoon (BSN) Gene Mutations With Gait and Motor Impairments in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Endoplasmic reticulum stress in Parkinson's disease: A pivotal role in cell fate and a therapeutic target.
Title: fMRI-based deep brain stimulation programming for Parkinson's disease: a blinded, crossover clinical trial.
Title: Polygenic risk scores and Parkinson's disease in South Africa advancing ancestry informed disease prediction.
Title: Betulinic acid exacerbates biomolecular condensation of α-synuclein: possible role in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A modified Delphi consensus study to support and enhance Parkinson's disease management.
Title: Effects of Music Therapy Combined with Hospital-Community Integrated Care on the Psychological Status of Patients with Parkinson's Disease Treated with Pramipexole and Levodopa.
Title: The Mediating Factor of Immune Cell in the Causal Relationship Between Cardiovascular Disease-Related Plasma Proteins and Parkinson's Disease: A Network Mendelian Randomization Analysis.
Title: Co-Existing Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type II and Parkinson's Disease Linked to a Novel DNAjB2 Pathogenic Variant.
Title: Factors associated with longitudinal MDS-UPDRS III score trajectories in early-stage Parkinson's disease.
Title: Ferroptosis in Parkinson's disease: a review of molecular mechanisms and emerging therapeutic strategies.
Title: Parkinson's Disease Patients Face Higher 90-Day Readmission, Reoperation, and Infection Risk Following Total Knee Arthroplasty.
Title: Premature Ventricular Complex-induced Full Pre-excitation in Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome: A Case Report.
Title: A parsimonious nomogram for individualized prediction of 1-year functional outcome after STN-DBS in Parkinson's disease: a single-center retrospective study.
Title: Real-world data of opicapone in patients with Parkinson's disease experiencing motor fluctuations: the OPTIMO study.
Title: Exosomes Regulate the NLRP3/Caspase-1/IL-1β Signaling Pathway in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanisms of Neuroinflammation Modulation and α-Synuclein Propagation.
Title: Toward an understanding of real-world mobility in Parkinson's: insights from enhanced contextualisation using GPS-derived location and data-driven modeling of walking speed.
Title: The genetic architecture of Parkinson's disease in Mexico: a systematic review.
Title: A Meta-analysis to Identify Common Key Genes Across Ageing, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Diseases.
Title: The H
Title: Rational fluorination strategy enables an ultrasensitive copper (II) fluorescent probe for dynamically monitoring copper metabolism in Parkinson's disease and copper-based pesticide residues in crops.
Title: Irisin reduces neurodegeneration and neuroinflammation in the 6-hydroxydopamine rat model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The potential role of adenosinergic pathway and methylxanthines in Parkinson's disease: Blowing in the wind or not.
Title: Hydrophobic covalent organic framework as a solid-phase microextraction coating for high-throughput quantification of endocannabinoids in Parkinson's disease rat plasma.
Title: Peripheral Inflammatory Biomarkers in Parkinson's Disease: Clinical Correlations and Stratification.
Title: Interpretable and granular video-based quantification of motor characteristics from the finger-tapping test in Parkinson's disease.
Title: miR-214-3p exacerbates mitochondrial dysfunction in parkinson's disease: a multi-omics and mechanistic study.
Title: Dairy and Milk Intake and Risk for Parkinson's Disease in Women and Men: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Icaritin ameliorates MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease model by targeting the NLRP3 inflammasome pathway.
Title: Miro1 in Parkinson's Disease: A Key Regulator of Mitochondrial Homeostasis and Neurodegeneration.
Title: Linking subjective cognitive decline to glymphatic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Carbon quantum dots exacerbate Parkinson's disease-like pathology through microglia-mediated neuroinflammatory responses with toxicological implications.
Title: How to discover novel genes that cause Parkinson's disease.
Title: The mitogenome mutation repertoire affects progression of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effects of telerehabilitation-based physical therapy for individuals with Parkinson's disease: A systematic review protocol.
Title: Efficacy and Safety of Deferiprone for Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Balance biomarker for early differentiation of Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy with parkinsonian type.
Title: An explainable ensemble machine learning model using baseline blood transcriptomics to predict Parkinson's disease motor progression.
Title: Incidence and spatial variation of Parkinson's disease in the Netherlands (2017-2022): a population-based study.
Title: Systems-level molecular and immunological evidence identifies Th17/Treg modulation as a key mechanism of CRSJ's neuroprotection in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mobile Application for Perceived Stress and Self-Efficacy Management of Caregivers of Elderly Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Alzheimer's Biomarkers and Visuospatial Cognition in Parkinson's Disease: Modification by α-Synuclein and Mediation of Age Effects.
Title: Reply to Comment on "Delayed Disease Onset Report in UK Biobank: Implications for Prodromal Studies in Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Comment on "Delayed Disease Onset Report in UK Biobank: Implications for Prodromal Studies in Parkinson's Disease".
Title: PARKinSOUND 2.0: Impact of Participation in an Orchestra in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: In vitro and in vivo rescue of dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease models after Parkin gene therapy.
Title: Linking cortical morphology and neurophysiological dynamics in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Faecalibacterium prausnitzii, depleted in the Parkinson's disease microbiome, improves motor deficits in α-synuclein overexpressing mice.
Title: Parkin-Related Parkinson's Disease Presenting With Childhood-Onset Isolated Action Tremor: A Case Report.
Title: Impaired processing of time-critical language information in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Longitudinal MRI study of hippocampal subfields Morphometry in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: A cross-sectional exploration of the relationship between Parkinson's disease and peripheral blood immune cells in an ethnically diverse East London population.
Title: Activatable NIR-IIb Nanosensor for Visualizing Brain HClO to Monitor Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The experience of caregivers of patients affected by Parkinson's who have undergone deep brain stimulation.
Title: Commentary: Pesticides and 
Title: Antidepressant-like effect of hydroxytyrosol in a 1-methyl-4-phenylpyridinium model of Parkinson's disease in rats.
Title: Non-invasive brain stimulation for treating cognitive and neuropsychiatric non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonism: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Communication Self-Efficacy for People With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: High intensity interval training for Parkinson's disease: A scoping review of systemic effects and physiological adaptations.
Title: Role of prefrontal cortex in freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease: mechanisms and neuroimaging evidence.
Title: Peripheral and CSF protein quantification in Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy-the nucleic acid-linked immuno-sandwich assay.
Title: Development and validation of a clinical prediction model for first fall in early Parkinson's disease: a study of two fall-naive cohorts.
Title: Duration of agricultural pesticide exposure application and Parkinson's disease in California's central valley.
Title: Association of peripheral and CSF zinc levels with Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Hair metal dysregulation in Parkinson's disease: Implications for diagnosis and gut-brain axis involvement.
Title: Stratified signaling network remodeling of kinase-transcription factors' interactions in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Coping Behavior in Patients with Parkinson's Disease Prior to Subthalamic Deep Brain Stimulation and Association with Psychiatric Symptoms, Quality of Life and Neuropsychological Status.
Title: [Selective neurodegeneration in patients with parkinson's disease].
Title: Coupling auditory cues and bilateral transauricular vagus nerve stimulation in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait: an open-label feasibility study.
Title: Validating wearable sensors as an assessment tool for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Advanced Parkinson's disease treatment patterns in Italy: results from a multicenter observational study.
Title: Dimensional Apathy as a Predictor of Health-Related Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Epidemiological principles behind worldwide growth of Parkinson disease - a bathtub analogy.
Title: Sleep deprivation worsens Parkinson's disease symptoms.
Title: Assessment of striatal and extrastriatal [
Title: Single-nucleus multiomic profiling of the aging mouse substantia nigra reveals conserved gene alterations linked to Parkinson's disease.
Title: Patients with symmetric Parkinson's disease do poorly with subthalamic stimulation.
Title: When the Scale Drops: Pathways to Weight Loss in Parkinson's Disease and Future Directions.
Title: Neurofilament light chain protein exposure contributes to protein aggregation, microgliosis, astrogliosis and neuroinflammation via p38/MK2/NF-κB/CREB1/Nrf2/HO-1 signalling leading to Parkinson's disease.
Title: Deep learning-based MRI segmentation for substantia nigra in Parkinson's disease with cognitive impairment.
Title: Interplay of age-sensitive cortical vulnerability and dopaminergic degeneration in clinical manifestations of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Speech and Voice Changes in Parkinson's Disease: a Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis.
Title: A Mechanistic Understanding of the Different Factors Affecting Adaptation and Flexibility During Probabilistic Reversal Learning: A Neurocomputational Study on Patients with Parkinson's Disease and Control Subjects.
Title: Digital Technologies for Symptom Monitoring in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Sex-Dependent Dynamics of Behavioural and Neuropathological Changes in an A53T Alpha-Synuclein Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Role of insulin-like growth factor-1/2 and related signaling in parkinson's disease.
Title: Exosomes and microRNAs in the treatment of in vivo and in vitro models of Parkinson's disease: A narrative literature review.
Title: Putative sympathetic-predominant subtype in body-first Parkinson's disease is associated with accelerated cognitive decline.
Title: Rare Abdominal Manifestations in a Patient with Parkinson's Disease after Deep Brain Stimulation of the Subthalamic Nucleus: A Case Report.
Title: Posterior Atrophy is a Neuroimaging Marker of Mild Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Tonsillar Alpha-Synuclein Accumulation on Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy and safety of adjunctive acupuncture for depression and motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effects of Different STN-DBS Programming Strategies on Non-Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: A Retrospective Controlled Study.
Title: Advanced three-dimensional in vitro models for Parkinson's disease research.
Title: Risk factors for malnutrition in older Parkinson's disease patients: a Vietnamese cross-sectional study.
Title: Sex-specific metabolic and microbial remodeling in a rotenone-induced rat model of Parkinson's disease following nicotine administration.
Title: Impact of PSA- versus STN-DBS on effective connectivity in Parkinson's disease - a 3.0T resting-state fMRI study.
Title: Ultra-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis of post-mortem brain tissue reveals specific amino acid profile dysregulation in Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease patients.
Title: Author Correction: ALDH2 protects against dopaminergic neuronal cell ferroptosis by enhancing the enzyme activity of PRDX6 in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between instrumental activities of daily living and incidence of Parkinson's disease: a nationwide population-based cohort study.
Title: Lnc-USP28-6/ZBTB16 axis orchestrates NLRP3 inflammasome activation and α-synuclein SUMOylation to drive Parkinson's disease pathogenesis.
Title: Assessing the long-term impact of dihydroergotoxine mesylate in treating sialorrhea in Parkinson's disease: A call for comprehensive research.
Title: Commentary on "Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease Patients in the Off State: A Randomized Controlled Crossover Trial Examining the Effects on Pain With and Without the Influence of Dopaminergic Medication".
Title: Immediate Effects of a Jewett Brace on Posture and Dynamic Balance in Parkinson's Disease-Associated Camptocormia: A Case Report.
Title: Orchestrating pathogenesis: copper ions as the conductor of molecular dysfunction in Parkinson's disease and therapeutic avenues.
Title: Cognitive Impairment Alters Cortical Adaptation and Gait Regulation During Obstacle Walking in Parkinson's Disease: Evidence from Temporal fNIRS and Gait Dynamics.
Title: Long-Term Exposure to Air Pollution and Incidence of Parkinson's Disease: A Danish Nationwide Administrative Cohort Study.
Title: Subcortical contributions to language deficits in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Longitudinal changes in effective connectivity associated with worsening freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease: a resting-state functional MRI study.
Title: Anxiety and depression as prodromes of Parkinson's disease: prospective findings from the Moli-sani study.
Title: Effects of sensorimotor-cognitive training on balance and gait in patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: M[Formula: see text]DGAT: Multi-view multi-scale dynamic graph attention network(GAT) based prediction of Parkinson's disease(PD) progression using whole-blood RNA sequencing data.
Title: Gut ecosystem dysfunction in parkinson's disease: deciphering faecal metabolome-metagenome links for novel diagnostic panels.
Title: Screening Key Compound in Ligusticum chuanxiong Hort. for Anti-Parkinson's Disease Based on an Experimental and Computational Framework.
Title: Cell-targeted nanocomplex facilitates direct reprogramming of astrocytes into dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Tetramethylpyrazine mitigates ER-stress-driven ATF4/CHOP apoptosis to protect dopaminergic neurons in cellular and MPTP models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Visual perturbation training to reduce visual dependency in Parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effect evaluation of the positive emotion, engagement, relationships, meaning, and accomplishment (PERMA) positive psychological intervention model in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: LLM-guided multimodal attention network for robust multiclass Parkinson's disease diagnosis.
Title: NIR-II Imaging-Guided Photothermal Activation of a TRPV4-Targeted Nanoplatform Delivering Cycloastragenol to Promote Microglia Reprogramming and α-Synuclein Clearance in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Evaluating Parkinson's Disease Knowledge Among Academic Healthcare Educators: Findings From a Saudi Arabian Institution.
Title: Clopidogrel use is associated with an increased prevalence of Parkinson's disease, particularly among US adults with diabetes.
Title: Cognitive function is associated with the progression of non-tremor motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Oropharyngeal Dysphagia in Parkinson's Disease: An Analysis of Prevalence, Swallow Therapy Utilization, and Complication Rates.
Title: Cognitive load alters cortical dynamics during gait in Parkinson's disease but not in neurologically healthy individuals.
Title: Comparison of binocular vision indices in Parkinson's disease patients 
Title: Prevalence and incidence of orthostatic hypotension in patients with Parkinson's disease: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Medical device-based neuromodulation for motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Immunosenescence and inflammaging in Parkinson's disease: mechanisms and therapeutic prospects.
Title: The Parkinson's pandemic: prioritizing environmental policy and biological resilience via the gut.
Title: N-acetyl-l-leucine lowers α-synuclein levels and improves synaptic function in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Exercise as Chronotherapy: Regulating Circadian Rhythms to Alleviate Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Exploring the Therapeutic Potential of Pyrazole-Based Scaffolds in Parkinson's Disease: Recent Progress and SAR Insights.
Title: Molecularly Engineered Phenoxazinone-Skeleton Cascade-Activated NIR Probes for Monitoring Fe
Title: Beyond RBD: covert REM sleep abnormalities in Parkinson's disease.
Title: CHCHD2 links mitochondrial dysfunction and α-synuclein misfolding in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Decoding pulvinar dysfunction in parkinson's disease dementia: Linking brain networks and structural alterations to cognitive impairment.
Title: CSF LRRK2: A biomarker for slower autonomic dysfunction progression in sporadic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Language impairment as a risk factor for dementia conversion in parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment: a quantitative EEG study.
Title: Adiponectin in neuroinflammation and parkinson's disease: A macromolecular and therapeutic perspective.
Title: Association between α-synuclein in plasma neuron-derived exosomes and clinical symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Unravelling the novel insights between miR-7 and Parkinson's disease (PD).
Title: Caudate-Centric Triphasic Network Reconfiguration Characterizes the Early Progression of Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease: A Simultaneous PET/fMRI Study.
Title: Unilateral Microelectrode Recording-Guided Pallidotomy in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: Clinical and Neuropsychological Outcomes in a Guatemalan Cohort.
Title: Bergapten alleviates Parkinson's disease-like behaviors in mice by inhibiting astrocyte inflammatory activation and endoplasmic reticulum stress through the regulation of the LCN2/JAK2/STAT3 pathway.
Title: When caution becomes neglect: Deep brain stimulation and cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Microglia-T cell interactions drive α-synuclein pathology in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Bacteroides coprocola protects dopaminergic neurons in rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease mouse model by modulating gut microbiota dysbiosis and inhibiting the NLRP3 signaling pathway.
Title: Disruption of the white matter structural network and its association with clinical subtypes and disease progression in parkinson's disease.
Title: EEG microstate alterations in Parkinson's disease dementia.
Title: Aberrant Beta-Band Network Alteration Preceding Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Integrative analysis of spontaneous brain activity in Parkinson's disease: associations with gene expression, cell types, and receptor density.
Title: Residential green space, natural environment, domestic garden, and the risk of Parkinson's disease: A prospective cohort study.
Title: An update on the monogenic causes of Parkinson's disease: Impact on patient stratification and personalised medicine.
Title: Mitochondrial dysfunction and disrupted neuronal lipid homeostasis in Parkinson's disease: Potential mechanisms and therapeutic implications.
Title: Hidden Conduction, Overt Risk: A Case of Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome Unmasked.
Title: Effects of galvanic vestibular stimulation on motor control in patients with Parkinson's disease: study protocol.
Title: Clinical correlates of physical performance and sarcopenia in Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Intermittent fasting protects MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease mouse model through regulating gut microbiota dysbiosis.
Title: Molecular markers of endogenous neuroprotection in the brain of rats with experimental Parkinson's disease treated with various pharmacotherapy regimens.
Title: Delineating the interactions among mutual miRNAs and target genes associated with Parkinson's disease, endoplasmic reticulum stress and autophagy pathways: a computational analysis.
Title: A cross-sectional study of autonomic dysfunction in patients with Parkinson's disease and vascular parkinsonism.
Title: Rab8a dysregulation in Parkinson's disease: A convergence of genetic and molecular pathologies.
Title: Probiotic Spore-Based Oral Biotherapeutics Promote Brain Targeting toward Gut-Brain Dual-Regulation for Parkinson's Disease Treatment.
Title: Towards a Biologically Defined Diagnosis: Incorporating Pathophysiological Measures Into Parkinson's Disease Clinical Criteria.
Title: Rare-variant burden across lysosomal genes implicates sialylation and ganglioside metabolism in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Integrated Stress Response Signatures Drive Monocyte Dysfunction in GBA1- and LRRK2-Linked Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy of Motion Sensor Telerehabilitation for Balance and Mobility in Parkinson's Disease: A Nonrandomized Controlled Pilot Study.
Title: "Every day is a battle against Parkinson's"-a qualitative study on older adults at the long-term care facilities in Chennai.
Title: Predictors of Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease: The Role of Mental Health and Internalized Stigma.
Title: Correction: van Doorn et al. Deriving Motor States and Mobility Metrics from Gamified Augmented Reality Rehabilitation Exercises in People with Parkinson's Disease. 
Title: Utilizing an Augmented Reality Headset to Accurately Quantify Lower Extremity Function in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: From RGB-D to RGB-Only: Reliability and Clinical Relevance of Markerless Skeletal Tracking for Postural Assessment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Range of Motion and Intensity Achieved During a Single Session of Targeted Robot-Assisted Exercise in Individuals with Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Study.
Title: A Hierarchical Microglial-Targeting Nanoplatform for the Therapy of Parkinson's Disease by Modulating Mitochondrial Dysfunction.
Title: Effects of Whole-Body Cryostimulation on Stress Biomarkers and Psychological Well-Being in Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Study.
Title: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease and Parkinsonian Syndromes: A Narrative Expert Review.
Title: Manual Dexterity Rehabilitation in Parkinson's Disease and Paranoid Schizophrenia: A Controlled Study.
Title: Effects of Focal Muscle Vibration on Static and Dynamic Balance in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: Preliminary Results of a Retrospective Study.
Title: Diagnosis and Management of Parkinson Disease in Individuals with Pre-Existing Mood Disorders.
Title: Mitoepigenetic Alterations in Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Pathophysiological Roles of Two Intracellular P-Type ATPases: The Cancer-Associated Na
Title: Neurotoxic Effect of Manganese and Vanadium Co-Exposure in Animal Models of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Environmental Substances Associated with Neurodegeneration: An Overview of Parkinson's Disease and Related Genotoxic Endpoints.
Title: Rapid Profiling of EEG Responses to Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease: A Biomarker-Driven Screening Framework.
Title: Mitochondria-Associated MicroRNAs: Emerging Roles in the Pathogenesis of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Transesophageal Electrophysiological Study in Children Under 12 Years of Age with Asymptomatic Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome.
Title: Gothelf's Haplotype of COMT in Parkinson's Disease: A Case-Control Study.
Title: Retrospective Multicenter Analysis of Withdrawal Syndrome in Parkinson's Disease Patients After Cessation of Deep Brain Stimulation.
Title: Early Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease Through Lite HGWA-Net Model: A Hybrid CNN Based on Wavelet Transform and Attention Mechanism.
Title: A Pathophysiological Model of Parkinson's Disease Based on Microvascular Flow Disturbance and Leukocyte-Mediated Oxidative Injury in Critical Pigmented Neuronal Niches.
Title: Preventive Effects of Cinnamon Leaf Nanosuspension and Byproducts on Type II Diabetes and Parkinson's Disease in Rat Models.
Title: Sources of Oxidative Stress in Parkinson's Disease: Pathways and Therapeutic Implications.
Title: Perioperative Inflammatory Cytokines in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Parkinson's Disease: Conventional Pharmacotherapy, Drug Delivery Innovations, and Emerging Therapeutic Targets.
Title: Color Vision Deficits and Binocular Vision Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Computational Modeling of Parkinson's Disease Across Scales: From Mechanisms to Biomarkers, Drug Discovery, and Personalized Therapies.
Title: The Association of Anxiety and Depression with Sleep Disturbances in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Neuroimmune Interactions in Neurodegeneration: The Role of Microglia in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease Pathogenesis.
Title: FGF-FGFR Signaling in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanistic Links to Ferroptosis and Neuroprotection.
Title: Similarity Gait Networks with XAI for Parkinson's Disease Classification: A Pilot Study.
Title: Sensor-Derived Parameters from Standardized Walking Tasks Can Support the Identification of Patients with Parkinson's Disease at Risk of Gait Deterioration.
Title: Protective effect of ginseng protein on MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease model mice.
Title: Impact of Socioeconomic Status on the Risk of Disability Registration and Cognitive Decline in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Nationwide Cohort Study.
Title: Subtyping Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease using longitudinal electronic health records.
Title: Serotonergic cortico-limbic and executive network dysfunction in Parkinson's disease impulse control disorders: a PET-fMRI study.
Title: PDXNet: An eXplainable Hybrid Attention Convolutional Neural Network for Parkinson's Disease Monitoring and Evaluation.
Title: Decline of Parkinson's Disease Incidence in Israel: The Value of Cohort Analysis.
Title: AI-Enabled Wearables for Motor Function Assessment and Rehabilitation in Parkinson Disease: Scoping Review.
Title: Laminarin attenuates neuroinflammation in MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease mouse model via inhibiting dectin-1/Syk/NF-κB signaling.
Title: Unicompartmental knee arthroplasty in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Botulinum Toxin Injections for Drooling Improve Dysphagia in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effectiveness of Music Therapy with Personalized Rhythmic Auditory Stimulation Plus Music-Contingent Gait Training in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Consensus Molecules Associated with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Membrane Dysfunction as a Central Mechanism in LRRK2-Associated Parkinson's Disease: Comparative Analysis of G2019S and I1371V Variants.
Title: Longitudinal change in swallow function in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD).
Title: Potential protein blood-based biomarkers for cognitive dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Comprehensive diffusion tensor tractography of three dopaminergic pathways in advanced Parkinson's disease: a case report.
Title: [Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation in treatment of primary Parkinson's disease: a randomized, controlled, single-blind trial].
Title: Parkinson's disease affects network of brain regions that controls whole-body action.
Title: Perivascular spread of CSF-derived α-synuclein oligomers drives region-specific Parkinson's-like pathology.
Title: Machine learning integration of serial blood biomarkers enhances cognitive decline prediction in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Chronic adaptive deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: ADAPT-START findings and programming principles.
Title: Comparative neurochemical and neuroprotective effects of lauric acid, ribose-cysteine, and levodopa in an α-synuclein Drosophila model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: SNCA (α-synuclein) H50Q mutation reveals distinct neurodegenerative patterns and adaptive responses in Parkinson's disease Drosophila model.
Title: Readily soluble red fluorescent probe for precise lysosomal albumin imaging in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cycling exercise for autonomic symptoms in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Test-retest reliability of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging during deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Music, Art and Dance Therapy in Parkinson's Disease: Gauging Awareness and Providing Education.
Title: Quantifying Slowness in Parkinson Disease Using a Serious Game: Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Dynamic Smoking Patterns and Risk of Parkinson Disease and All-Cause Mortality: A Competing Risk Analysis Approach.
Title: Dynamic Smoking Patterns and Risk of Parkinson Disease.
Title: Enhancing gait training with anti-gravity treadmill 'Alter-G' in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Differential psychosocial burden in parkinson's disease: a gender-based comparison.
Title: The underrated value of non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease in making diagnostic and treatment decisions.
Title: Association of Olfactory Loss With Cognition Is Mediated by Striatal Dopamine Loss and Cerebral Perfusion in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Right Internal Jugular Transseptal Puncture for Wolff–Parkinson–White Ablation in a Patient with Interrupted Inferior Vena Cava and Azygos Continuation.
Title: Familial young-onset Parkinson's disease associated with SNCA gene duplication: a case series of three sisters from Turkey.
Title: Development and Validation of a Machine Learning Model for Predicting Osteoporosis in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The effect of levodopa on speech graphs in non-demented patients with multiple system atrophy and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Drumming with BEAT: a pilot study on the impact of drum set playing on motor control and quality of life in Parkinson's disease.
Title: What can we do to enhance cognitive care in Parkinson's disease?
Title: Outcomes Following Constipation Treatments Between Parkinson's Disease and Non-Parkinson's Disease Patients Evaluated by the Constipation Scoring System.
Title: Neural correlates of prospective memory in Parkinson's disease: a high-density EEG study.
Title: Volumetric signatures of basal ganglia-thalamo-cortical and cerebello-thalamo-cortical networks in Parkinson's disease and its motor subtypes.
Title: Focused ultrasound enhances targeted curcumin delivery and alleviates behavioral and neuropathological deficits in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Multimodal machine learning mobility assessment in Parkinson's disease within supervised and unsupervised settings.
Title: The Age at Onset of LRRK2 p.Gly2019Ser Parkinson's Disease Across Ancestries and Countries of Origin.
Title: Blood-brain Barrier Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanisms and Emerging Therapeutic Strategies.
Title: Pathogen Antibodies and Parkinson's Disease: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Study.
Title: Ambroxol for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Design, synthesis and anti-Parkinson's disease bioactivity evaluation of isoquinoline derivatives as potent IDO1/TDO dual inhibitors.
Title: Bibliometric analysis of the pathogenesis of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Mitochondrial insertions/deletions (INDELs) burden in Parkinson's disease: an analysis from a Brazilian cohort.
Title: Molecular analysis of mitochondrial complex I in the levodopa short duration response in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Validity of a Wearable Digital Insole for Assessing Gait ON and OFF in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The structure of personality in Parkinson's disease and the effects of age, years since diagnosis, and impulsivity.
Title: Progress in the study of ion channel function, mechanisms, and mathematical modeling in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Longitudinal Neuroimaging Reveals Divergent Clinical Associations of Glymphatic Dysfunction and Dopaminergic Degeneration in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: In-person when necessary and available, remotely when possible - How telemedicine can support palliative care for persons with Parkinson's disease: a qualitative study.
Title: Relationship between frailty and disease progression in Parkinson's disease: a 3-year longitudinal study.
Title: APOE, Aβ42, and tau differentially impact cognitive decline in Sporadic, GBA1 and LRRK2 Parkinson's disease.
Title: Increased Serum Neurofilament Light Chain Levels in Parkinson's Disease Patients Carrying the p.A53T SNCA Mutation: Data from the Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative Study.
Title: Predictive Factors and Impact of Significant Weight Loss on Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease: A 5-Year Follow-Up Study.
Title: How cytochrome P450 enzymes in humans are involved in Parkinson's disease: a literature review.
Title: Gene therapy targeting synaptopathy linked with Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease biomarkers: bridging the gap between diagnosis and treatment.
Title: Trustworthy AI for medical decisions: Adversarially robust and fair machine learning prediction for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multimodal Machine Learning and Deep Learning Approaches for Parkinson's Disease Diagnosis: A Comprehensive Survey.
Title: Targeting the Microbiota-Gut-Brain Axis: Bacillus coagulans Protects Against Rotenone-Induced Parkinson's Disease in Rats.
Title: Responsiveness of the Falls Efficacy Scale-International and Activities-Specific Balance Confidence Scale in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Severe Post-spinal Bezold-Jarisch Reflex During Emergency Caesarean Delivery Unmasking Wolff-Parkinson-White Pattern.
Title: Causal Effects Between Antibody-Mediated Immune Responses and Parkinson's Disease: Insights from Genetic Studies.
Title: Predictive modeling of vocal biomarkers for the diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: PARQ: A Complexity-Consensus Aware Automatic Assessment of Motor Disease Severity in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Microglia heterogeneity and therapeutic strategies in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Single-cell transcriptomics revealed molecular vulnerability in a human midbrain-like organoid model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Functional Reorganization of Motor Subcircuits in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Action and Event-Based Lexical-Semantic Processing in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Integrated New Approach Methodologies Reveal the Potential Role of 2,7-Dibromocarbazole in Parkinson's Disease via Monoamine Oxidase B Inhibition and Dopaminergic Dysfunction.
Title: Commentary on Gut Microbiome-Metabolome Alterations in Advanced Parkinson's Disease With Motor Complications.
Title: Intranasal Conformal Patch for Sustained Levodopa Delivery and Reactive Oxygen Species Scavenging in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Advancing the Treatment of Motor Fluctuations in Parkinson's Disease with a Next-Generation Levodopa/Carbidopa Formulation.
Title: Bisphosphonate use is associated with reduced fracture rates in a cohort of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Alternative Translation Initiation in PRKN Delays the Onset of Parkinson's Disease and Offers a Therapeutic Target.
Title: Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation Improves Kinetic Tremor in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Coproduction of an occupation-based complex intervention for living well with anxiety and Parkinson's (OBtAIN-PD) using online logic modelling in the UK.
Title: White matter alterations in right-onset versus left-onset Parkinson's disease in an early stage.
Title: Patterns of subthalamic synchronized oscillatory neurons are characteristics of motor subtypes of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Microbiome- metabolome signatures and Behavioral alterations in a progressive MPTP-induced mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between vestibulo-ocular reflex and cognitive function in de novo Parkinson's disease.
Title: Identification of circulatory neuro-related proteins in Parkinson's disease: an integrated genetic-proteomic-clinical study.
Title: Mechanistic insights into the role of nuclear receptor related-1 protein in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Morpho-functional correlates of gait impairment in early Parkinson's disease patients: insights from a multimodal path modeling framework.
Title: Inhibition of Death-Associated Protein Kinase 1 ameliorates central and peripheral pathological changes in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Assessment of Angiopep-2 targeting intracerebral α-synuclein aggregates in a PFF-induced rat model of Parkinson's disease based on 7T CEST-MRI.
Title: Adaptive deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Generation of two isogenic control iPSC lines (LCSBi001-A-2 and LCSBi001-A-3) from a Parkinson's disease patient line (LCSBi001-A) carrying the pathogenic VPS35 p.D620N mutation.
Title: Advances in the study of Parkinson's disease-related salivation and associated mechanisms.
Title: Association of Statin use with Parkinson's Disease Progression in a Prospective Cohort Study and Multi-omics Analyses.
Title: The 201 Trial: a placebo-controlled randomized phase 2 study of safety and tolerance of the c-Abl kinase inhibitor risvodetinib in untreated Parkinson's disease.
Title: Does Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery Reduce the Risk of Developing Parkinson's Disease: A Propensity Score Matching Analysis Using Data from the National Inpatient Sample.
Title: Visuoconstructive skills of patients with Parkinson's disease investigated with the Vienna Visuoconstructive Test 3.0 Screening.
Title: Discovery of 3-benzyloxy-6-arylpyridazine derivatives as novel multi-target agents toward Parkinson's disease therapy.
Title: Convergent molecular pathways to inherited Parkinson's disease.
Title: Identifying the factors that contribute to gait efficacy in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Generation of induced pluripotent stem cells (NIMHi027-A) from a Parkinson's disease patient harbouring a homozygous missense mutation for PLA2G6 gene (chr22:g.38112558C > T).
Title: Orchestrating the Parkinson's disease microenvironment in 3D for pathogenesis study and therapeutic development.
Title: Telerehabilitation for early-stage Parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled feasibility trial of individualised real-time physiotherapy delivered via a videoconference platform.
Title: The role of gut dysbiosis in Parkinson's disease: pathophysiology, epidemiology, and emerging therapeutic strategies.
Title: Differential Neural Substrates of Freezing of Gait in Cerebral Small Vessel Disease and Parkinson Disease: A Dual-tracer PET Study.
Title: Onset of Parkinson's Disease Identified Through Hyperhidrosis: A Middle-Aged Woman Case Report.
Title: Juggling Under Controlled Hypoxia as a Multimodal Coordinative and Cognitive Training in Parkinson's Disease-A Narrative Review.
Title: Prevalence and Risk of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Parkinson's Disease: From Gene-Environment Risk to Precision Therapy.
Title: Qualitative assessment of the direct copy of the Rey-Osterrieth complex figure in Parkinson's disease patients with and without cognitive impairment.
Title: Cortical Morphometric Similarity Network Gradient in Parkinson's Disease and its Association with Gene Expression Profiles.
Title: Gray Matter Volume Loss in Parkinson's Disease Psychosis and Cannabinoid Receptor Gene Expression in the Brain.
Title: Enhancing oligodendrocytes generation and myelin renewal by vitamin C mitigate Parkinson-relevant phenotypes in a murine model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: TLR3 activation in astrocytes attenuates the nigrostriatal pathway degeneration in rodent models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The effects of robot-assisted arm training on upper limb functions in Parkinson disease.
Title: Correction to "Neuroprotective Effect of Ceftriaxone on MPTP-Induced Parkinson's Disease Mouse Model by Regulating Inflammation and Intestinal Microbiota".
Title: Neuromelanin, iron and MRI measurements in midbrain tissues of Parkinson's and Alzheimer's subjects.
Title: Research trends on neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease: an exploratory analysis.
Title: Artificial intelligence and multi-omics nominate TAZ as an insomnia-related diagnostic and druggable target for Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Effects of deep brain stimulation on non motor fluctuations in Parkinson's disease (assessed with the NMF severity scale).
Title: Frankincense improves motor symptoms and attenuates the progression of Paraquat (PQ)-induced Parkinson's disease in mice by attenuating oxidative stress, inflammation, and apoptotic cell death and improving nerve growth factor gene expression.
Title: Efficacy of MAO-B and COMT inhibitors on quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease: a Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Title: Bionic design based on liposome-exosome hybrid nanoparticles for synergistic delivery of paeonol to achieve neuroprotection and improvement of motor function in Parkinson's disease model mice.
Title: Targeting oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction via URG7 overexpression in an in vitro Parkinson's disease neuronal model.
Title: Stage-specific interactions among PLM, RBD, and OSAHS in parkinson's disease and MSA.
Title: Understanding Cognitive Domains in Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review of Empirical Studies.
Title: Corrigendum to "The effect of rebound therapy in Parkinson's disease: A single-blinded randomized controlled trial" [Gait Posture 125 (2026) 110105].
Title: Bi-Cephalic Self-Attended Model to Classify Parkinson's Disease Patients With Freezing of Gait.
Title: [Medical evaluation of Parkinson's disease as an occupational disease].
Title: Integrative structure-based approach for phytocompound-based dual therapeutics targeting Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
Title: The retinal nerve fiber layer mean thickness in patients with early Parkinson's disease reflects striatal dopamine function.
Title: Correction to: Participation of ethnic minorities in Parkinson's research: challenges and needs. A qualitative study.
Title: Unveiling the biochemical potential of Acacia jacquemontii as a therapeutic agent in parkinson's disease: A multi-model in Vitro, In Vivo, and In Silico Study.
Title: Pantothenic Acid and Parkinson Disease: A Systematic Review of Metabolomics Analysis Studies.
Title: [Pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of anti-Parkinson drugs in geriatric patients : Key for optimization of treatment].
Title: Hyposmia as a predictor of cognitive decline in long-term Parkinson's disease with dementia: a multicenter study in China.
Title: Parkinson's disease care in Pakistan: overcoming challenges in low- and middle-income countries.
Title: An isoflavone-enriched diet alleviates Parkinson's disease in mice by inhibiting ferroptosis through gut microbiota-mediated serotonin production.
Title: Investigating the Genetic Relationship Between Vitamin B12 Metabolism and Parkinson Disease.
Title: MSN Templated with L-Dopa Amide Derivatives Outperforms the Efficiency of Free-L-Dopa in Reducing Parkinson's Behavioral Dysfunction in Mice.
Title: Comprehensive effects of Parkinson's disease multimodal complex treatment (PD-MCT): a two-center prospective trial.
Title: Protocol of ASPro-PD: a phase 3 trial of ambroxol to slow progression in genetically stratified Parkinson's disease.
Title: Early motor deficits, sleep dysfunction and reduction in dopaminergic neurons in a PARK7
Title: Detection of alpha-synuclein seeding activity in tear fluid in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Harmonic Amplitude Differences Before and After Voice Treatment for Parkinson's Disease and Their Relationship to Voice Quality and Speech Intelligibility.
Title: Responsiveness and Minimal Clinically Important Difference of Balance Assessment Tools in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Therapeutic potential of Cistanche against Parkinson's disease via regulating circulating inflammation: Insights from Mendelian randomization, molecular docking, and in vivo studies.
Title: Hydrogen sulfide protects dopaminergic neurons via NLRP3 inflammasome inhibition in an MPTP mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The host-guest inclusion complex of Anle 138b with Methyl-β-cyclodextrin: In vitro characterization and possible formulation development for anti-Parkinson application.
Title: [Impact of a community-based multisectoral intervention on the health of individuals with parkinson's disease and their family caregivers].
Title: Development and acceptability of a deep brain stimulation surgery decision aid for Parkinson's disease.
Title: About pregnancy in Parkinson's disease.
Title: How Are Synaptic Vesicle Exocytosis and Endocytosis Affected in Parkinson Disease?
Title: The influence of visual input and attention on gait initiation in people with Parkinson disease.
Title: When levodopa resistance does not indicate disease progression: a case of coexisting Parkinson's disease and secondary Parkinsonism due to demyelinating lesions.
Title: Advanced Therapeutics in Parkinson's Disease: What's New?
Title: Midbrain length by the one-line method predicts motor outcome after deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease impairs grip force release during a sinusoidal force tracking task.
Title: Lupeol restores dopaminergic function by suppressing glial activation in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Exploring biomechanical differences between brain-first and body-first Parkinson's disease subtypes using shear wave elastography: a pilot cross-sectional study.
Title: Functional brain connectivity in patients with 
Title: Executive anosognosia in progressive supranuclear palsy versus Parkinson's disease.
Title: Addressing Gaps in Parkinson's Disease Etiology: The Need for a Polyexposure Score.
Title: Post-rehabilitation self-management support on physical activity and nutrition, including mHealth, improves physical capacity, physical activity, and health related quality of life in people with Parkinson's- results from a randomised controlled trial.
Title: Pathological Protein Targets in Parkinson's Disease: Progress Towards the Development of Disease-Modifying Therapies.
Title: Deep brain stimulation beyond Motor control: A systematic review and meta-analysis of sleep outcomes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: α-synuclein monoclonal antibodies in Parkinson's disease: A failed promise or unmet potential?
Title: Integrative Transcriptomic Analysis Identifies Novel Mitochondrial Gene Targets in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The effectiveness of i-virtual reality and telemedicine based cognitive approach for rehabilitation of prospective memory in individuals with Parkinson's disease and mild cognitive impairment: A randomized-controlled trial.
Title: Spectral presaturation with inversion recovery provides superior neuromelanin imaging for Parkinson's disease evaluation compared to magnetization transfer.
Title: SIX2-Mediated Microglial M2 Polarization and Exosomal miR-3470b Delivery Protect Dopaminergic Neurons in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Targeted serum metabolomics reveals alterations in amino acid and neurotransmitter pathways in Parkinson's disease.
Title: TMEM106B deficiency exacerbates α-synuclein aggregation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: YouTube as a resource for Parkinson's disease exercise education: an evaluation of video quality and reliability.
Title: Late-stage interventional trials reporting sleep-related outcomes in older adults with Parkinson's disease: a ClinicalTrials.gov registry review.
Title: Smartphone videos are a scalable tool for gait evaluation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Author Correction: Formononetin derived from Parabacteroides merdae alleviates MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease in mice by inhibiting ferroptosis via the PI3K-AKT-ferritinophagy axis.
Title: Relationship between dietary habits and gut metabolome profile in Parkinson's disease: a case-control study.
Title: BDNF and GDNF in Parkinson's Disease: Associations with Clinical Features, Disease Course, and Progression-A Systematic Review.
Title: Revealing the invisible: a new imaging paradigm for α-synuclein pathology in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroinflammation and Oxidative Stress in Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, and COVID-19: Microglia-Neutrophil Interaction.
Title: Glycosylation Matters: Network Pharmacology-Based and Molecular Docking Analysis of Resveratrol Glycosylated Derivatives on Parkinson's Disease.
Title: DP-MDLA Net: Detection of smooth pursuit abnormalities in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Depression mediated sleep disturbances and cognitive decline in Parkinson's disease patient.
Title: Discriminative compensatory activation during auditory beat perception in Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy.
Title: Correction to: Longitudinal neuromelanin changes in prodromal and early Parkinson's disease in humans and rat model.
Title: Correction: Appendectomy and risk of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Colostrum extracellular vesicles are neuroprotective in models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Use of a Digital Social Forum in a Parkinson's Disease Risk Cohort: A Thematic Analysis of Forum Messages.
Title: Experiences of Australians Living With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Gut-kidney-brain axis and daytime sleepiness in Parkinson's disease and chronic kidney disease: an expert narrative review.
Title: TLR4/NF-κB signaling-mediated neuroinflammation is associated with gut microbiota dysbiosis in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Urinary Tract Infections in Hospitalized Patients with Parkinson's Disease: Risk Factors and Outcomes.
Title: Reply to: "Comments on: "Bipolar Disorder as a Long-Term Risk Factor for Parkinson's Disease: A Nationwide Case-Control Study"".
Title: Comments on: "Bipolar Disorder as a LongTerm Risk Factor for Parkinson's Disease: A Nationwide Case-Control Study".
Title: A monoclonal antibody-based immunoassay reinforces DOPA decarboxylase in cerebrospinal fluid as a diagnostic biomarker for Parkinson's disease with potential prognostic value.
Title: An overview of Parkinson's disease: a narrative review.
Title: Hybrid deep learning novel framework for classification of parkinson's disease.
Title: Scoping review of AI-driven wearable technologies for rehabilitation and functional assessment in Parkinson's disease: a protocol.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of idebenone in a zebrafish model of Parkinson's disease via regulating autophagy, mitigating apoptosis and oxidative stress.
Title: DDX17 acts as a target of Buddlejasaponin IVb ameliorating dopaminergic neuron iron metabolism dysregulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between the triglyceride-glucose frailty index and Parkinson's disease in middle-aged and older adults: a comparative cross-national analysis of NHANES and CHARLS.
Title: Efficacy of a social robot-assisted training for socio-cognitive and cognitive functions in Parkinson's disease: A comparison with an active control group.
Title: Provision of pain care services for people with Parkinson's disease from the perspective of healthcare providers: A qualitative descriptive study.
Title: DBS-related infections in Parkinson's disease: Incidence, risk factors, management and outcome.
Title: For my 80th birthday, I bought myself a new brain: my experiences with adaptive deep brain stimulation to assist my Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease and risk of melanoma in United States veterans: A Veterans Affairs Cancer Registry retrospective cohort study.
Title: Surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy of serum exosomes coupled with support vector machine for diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The protective effect of febuxostat in a rotenone mouse model of Parkinson's disease: the interplay between PI3K/Akt/mTOR, GSK-3β, and Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathways.
Title: Risk-Benefit Considerations in Deep Brain Stimulation Discontinuation for Late-Stage Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Unveiling the therapeutic potential of Farnesol against Parkinson's disease: insights from molecular Docking and animal studies.
Title: Towards biomarker-based diagnosis of Parkinson disease.
Title: Altered cerebrovascular haemodynamics in Parkinson's disease: Insights from 4D flow MRI.
Title: Neuromelanin imaging outperforms free water imaging in diagnosing early Parkinson's disease: a comparative MRI study.
Title: Glutamate chemical exchange saturation transfer imaging reveals cerebellar glutamatergic alterations in Parkinson's disease subtypes.
Title: Autoencoder-driven stride length estimation for individuals with Parkinson's disease using inertial measurement unit-embedded footwear.
Title: Perceived Barriers and Facilitators to Radiology Examinations Among Patients with Parkinson's Disease in Ireland.
Title: Neuroimaging correlates of cognitive stages in Parkinson's disease: A multimodal MRI study.
Title: A prospective analysis of falls in Parkinson's disease: Does physical capacity moderate the relationship between walking amount and falls rates?
Title: A Wearable "Lab-in-Shoe" Gait Analysis System for Routine Clinical Assessment of People With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Remifentanil-esketamine-based General Anesthesia Strategy for Microelectrode-guided Deep-brain Stimulation for Parkinson Disease.
Title: OTUD6A drives dopaminergic neuronal degeneration of Parkinson's disease through deubiquitinating ACTG1 in neuronal cells.
Title: Cell-Type-Specific Causal Inference Unveils Novel Targets for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Local Field Aperiodic Spectral Power Modulated by Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Baseline Regional Cholinergic Denervation Predicts Cognitive Trajectories in Moderate Parkinson Disease.
Title: The Amnesia Light and Brief Assessment (ALBA) and the door PICture Naming and Immediate Recall (PICNIR) brief tests for identifying mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Interactions Between Nutraceuticals and α-Synuclein Conformational States: Molecular Mechanisms and Neuroprotective Implications in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Natural Neurobiological Active Compounds in Parkinson's Disease: Molecular Targets, Signaling Pathways, and Therapeutic Prospects.
Title: Neuroprotective Herbs Associated with Parkinson's and Alzheimer's Disease.
Title: Exploring the Role of Food and Food-Related Compounds in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Insulin Resistance and Metabolic Dysfunction in Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease: Evidence from a Preliminary Case-Control Study.
Title: Speech Impairment in Early Parkinson's Disease Is Associated with Nigrostriatal Dopaminergic Dysfunction.
Title: Comparative Analysis of Oral Bacterial Profiles in Parkinson's Disease According to Periodontal Status: A Clinical Case Series.
Title: On the Suitability of Data Augmentation Techniques to Improve Parkinson's Disease Detection with Speech Recordings.
Title: An autonomous siRNA delivery system targeting NLRP3: implications in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Glucosylceramide-induced ectosomes propagate pathogenic α-synuclein in Parkinson's disease.
Title: WearGait-PD: An Open-Access Wearables Dataset for Gait in Parkinson's Disease and Age-Matched Controls.
Title: Neuroprotective and memory-enhancing effects of Aloysia gratissima extract and rutin in an MPTP-induced model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The role of indole metabolites derived from gut microbiota in Parkinson's disease: A comprehensive review.
Title: Multimodal Neuroimaging Reveals Distinct Characteristics of Levodopa-Induced Dyskinesias in de novo Parkinson's Disease Patients.
Title: Copper, Ceruloplasmin, Zinc, and Manganese Levels in Brain and Biological Fluids from Parkinson's Disease Patients: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Longitudinal Dynamics of Physical Function With Anxiety and Depression in Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Lagged Panel Analysis of the PPMI Dataset.
Title: Exercise-Induced modulation of molecular-enriched functional connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Quantitative Analysis of Locus Coeruleus Neurons and Thalamic Noradrenergic Axons in a Progressive 1-Methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine Monkey Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Context-dependent ATP7 Interactions with Parkinson's Disease-associated Genes Modulate Copper Homeostasis Phenotypes.
Title: Comparative Proteomic Analysis of Environmental and Genetic Models of Parkinson's Disease Highlights the Role of Purine Metabolism.
Title: Immune crosstalk in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease: insights from Drosophila models into the brain-peripheral immune axis.
Title: RNA networks of lysosomal-related biomarkers in Parkinson's disease and their correlations with freezing of gait-associated genes.
Title: Gamma-aminobutyric acid associated research in Parkinson's disease: an exploratory trends analysis.
Title: Safety and Efficacy of Fecal Microbiota Transplantation in Alleviating Symptoms of Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blinded Study.
Title: Continuous Subcutaneous Versus Intestinal Levodopa Infusion for Parkinson's Disease: A Real-World, Monocentric, Observational Study and Critical Review.
Title: Introducing PIGMO, a novel PIGmented MOuse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Resting-state motor network connectivity as a biomarker of Levodopa response in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Gut macrophages and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Free water in the external globus pallidus predicts mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease and is associated with serum neurofilament light chain levels.
Title: Single-cell analysis of the peripheral immune landscape in Parkinson's disease: insights into dendritic cell and CD4+ T-cell transcriptomics.
Title: Protective effect of scorpion-venom heat-resistant peptide (SVHRSP) against depression associated with Parkinson's disease via suppression of CREB-Akt pathway-mediated inflammation.
Title: Phosphodiesterase 4 as a therapeutic target in Parkinson's disease recent advances.
Title: Cholinergic neurotransmission underlying visual hallucinations in Parkinson's disease: Integration of multimodal evidence and translational approaches.
Title: An information-motivation-behavioral skills model-based intervention for Parkinson's Disease Patients.
Title: VMAT2 dysfunction impairs vesicular dopamine uptake, driving its oxidation and α-synuclein pathology in DJ-1-linked Parkinson's neurons.
Title: In silico model of basal ganglia deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease captures range of effective parameters for pathological beta power suppression.
Title: Unraveling the core: hub genes bridging familial and sporadic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mitochondrial D-loop region methylation differentiates Parkinson's disease from atypical parkinsonism and Parkinson's disease dementia.
Title: Parkinson's Disease Patient-Specific Striatum Organoids Show Hallmarks of Increased Inflammation.
Title: Clinical characteristics of Parkinson's disease in the outpatient clinic of a regional hospital in Peru.
Title: Unveiling the Role of Sex Hormones and Reproductive Life Factors in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Integrated bio-cooperative robotic platform for virtual cognitive training in Parkinson's disease: design and methodology of the OPERA project.
Title: Structural and Statistical Knowledge-Enhanced Attention Network for early Parkinson's disease diagnosis.
Title: Language skills in Parkinson's disease: state of the art.
Title: Wavelet-Based Tremor Quantification From Wrist-Worn Sensor Data in Home-Dwelling People With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Correction: Sleep disorders in parkinson's disease: evaluating pharmacological treatments through systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Preventive measures for Parkinson's disease: insights into motivation and barriers from the patients' perspective.
Title: Bridging global diversity gaps in Parkinson disease research.
Title: Author Correction: Alternate-day fasting ameliorates α-synuclein pathology and suppresses inflammation via the gut-brain axis in an MPTP-induced subacute mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Genetic co-regulation of neopterin and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Olfactory sensory map is perturbed in a human wild-type α-synuclein overexpressing transgenic mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mitochondrial DNA drives NLRP3-IL-1β axis activation in microglia by binding to NLRP3, leading to neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: The experience of process-based cognitive training in people with Parkinson's disease: a route to transfer to everyday life.
Title: Classifying Parkinson's Disease Progression via Latent Trajectories of Striatal Specific Binding Ratios from I-123 FP-CIT SPECT in Association with Levodopa-Induced Dyskinesia.
Title: Association Between a 1-Year Group-Based Telerehabilitation Program and the Quality of Life of People With Parkinson's Disease: An Observational Study.
Title: Association of FIB-4 with orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A personalized plant-rich, time-restricted nutritional intervention for motor and non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Navigating Communication, Social Connectedness, and Mental Health Burden as Hispanic/Latiné Care Partners of Individuals With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Variable Speech Cueing Effects in Talkers With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Comparing phenotypic features between Parkinson's disease dementia and dementia with Lewy bodies.
Title: Associations Among Probable REM-sleep Behavior Disorder, Dopamine Transporter Binding, and Cognitive Performance in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Cueing-assisted gamified augmented-reality home rehabilitation for gait and balance in people with Parkinson disease: feasibility and effectiveness in the clinical pathway.
Title: Precision Health Optimization Program in the Management of Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A Case Series.
Title: Small Strokes, Big Impact: Excessive Mortality After Acute Ischemic Stroke in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy and Side-Effect Profile of Foslevodopa-Foscarbidopa Subcutaneous Infusion in Patients with Advanced Parkinson's Disease: An Ambispective Longitudinal Study.
Title: Automated video analysis for early detection of bradykinesia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Utility of gait biomarkers in screening for obstructive sleep apnea among patients with Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Assessment of mental and behavioural non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's Disease using Artificial Intelligence (AI): a systematic review.
Title: [Research progress on the molecular genetic mechanism of Parkinson's disease].
Title: Differential effects of focused ultrasound neuromodulation in Parkinson's disease mice versus healthy mice.
Title: Data-driven neurobiological subtyping of Parkinson's disease using diffusion MRI-derived isotropic diffusion.
Title: [Pathophysiological and neurobiological basis for the development of depression in patients with Parkinson's disease].
Title: Asymmetrical Cerebral Mitochondrial Dysfunction Correlates With Motor Laterality in Parkinson's Disease: A 
Title: Persistent Tremor in Bipolar Disorder: A Case Report of Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease Superimposed on Lithium and Antipsychotic Effects.
Title: Beyond Organ Boundaries: Molecular Mechanisms of Hepatic Encephalopathy and Parkinson's Disease from the Perspective of the Gut-Liver-Brain Axis.
Title: An elective two-week interdisciplinary acute rehabilitation program improves functional and speech outcomes in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Smooth pursuit and memory saccades are impaired in early-stage Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Effects of different types of deep brain stimulation on gait disorders in patients with Parkinson's disease: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: 
Title: Comparative effect of vortioxetine and sertraline on clinical and inflammatory profile in Parkinson's disease with comorbid depression.
Title: Exploring the role of gut microbiota in potential mechanism of ketogenic diet in alleviating Parkinson's disease symptoms.
Title: Multimodal imaging and machine learning for diagnosis of Parkinson's disease with cognitive impairment: ASL and QSM as potential biomarkers.
Title: Optimized cortical EEG modeling for Parkinson disease diagnosis with snow Shepherd Stride tuning mechanism.
Title: Budget impact analysis of deep brain stimulation devices with different longevity in Parkinson's disease: insights from real-world data.
Title: Correlation of systemic immune inflammation index and systemic inflammatory response index with the severity of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Current Neuroimaging Modalities to Distinguish Parkinson's Disease from its Mimics: Imaging Features and Implications for Clinical Practice.
Title: Correction to "Aggregation and Propagation of α-Synuclein in Parkinson's Disease: A Bibliometric Perspective".
Title: Evolution of disease modifying therapy clinical trial design and therapeutic endpoints for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Role of CXCR3 and CXCR6 on Circulating T Cells in Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Temperature fluctuations and genetic influences on Parkinson's disease: a comprehensive analysis of temperature variability and time spent outdoors in the United States (1999-2023).
Title: Optimal exercise modalities and doses for improving quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease: a network meta-analysis and dose-response study.
Title: Construct validity of instrumented gait assessments in hospital and daily life mobility in patients with Parkinson's disease and atypical Parkinson's syndromes: an exploratory study.
Title: Simulated depression risk classification from Parkinson's voice features using a self-attention-enhanced MLP architecture.
Title: TRPV2 protects dopaminergic neurons via ferroptosis inhibition in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Taurine modulates gut microbiota and attenuates inﬂammation in a rotenone-induced mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Accessible assessment of motor and cognitive symptoms in Parkinson's disease: integrating large datasets, machine-learning, and videoconferencing.
Title: Deep neurobehavioral phenotyping uncovers neural fingerprints of locomotor deficits in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Magnetic resonance-guided focused ultrasound subthalamotomy for Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of effectiveness and safety.
Title: Complementarity of Long-Reads and Optical Mapping in Parkinson's Disease for Structural Variants.
Title: Epigenetic mechanisms of Parkinson's disease and potential epigenetic-based therapeutics.
Title: In Vivo Screen of Parkinson's Disease GWAS Risk Genes Identifies 
Title: Dual-action strategy to reprogram chaperone activity for α-synuclein aggregate clearance in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Deep learning-based one-stop 
Title: Correction Paschou et al., Dysregulated proteostasis in p.A53T-α-Synuclein astrocytes aggravates Lewy-like neuropathology in a Parkinson's disease iPSC model.
Title: Correlation of Corneal Sensitivity With Vision-Related Quality of Life, Ocular Surface Symptoms, and Clinical Severity in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Neuromotor adaptations in people with Parkinson's Disease following a 12-month multimodal non-contact boxing intervention.
Title: Synergistic NIR-polydopamine nanotherapy for blood-brain barrier crossing and Parkinson's disease intervention.
Title: Design of intelligent neuro-supervised deep learning networks to analyze brain electrical activity rhythms of Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Kinetic parameters sensitive to cognitive activity during walking for diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Pharmacological effects and phytochemical profile of methanolic 
Title: A Canonical Neural Map and Its Deviations Shape Parkinson's Disease Phenotypes.
Title: Brain connectivity fingerprinting as a predictive biomarker of art therapy outcomes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease impairs temporal precision.
Title: Molecular mechanisms of exercise-induced neuroprotection against Parkinson's disease.
Title: Current potential biomarkers for Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: review of literature.
Title: The deep brain stimulation response network in Parkinson's disease operates in the high beta band.
Title: Reducing Neuroinflammation via Inhibition of Fibrinogen Deposition and Microglial Activation as an Underlying Mechanism of Paning I Decoction in Ameliorating Parkinson's Disease Symptoms.
Title: The efficacy and safety of high-frequency SMA-rTMS on freezing of gait in patients with Parkinson's disease: a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Predictive factors of global cognitive impairment in de novo Parkinson disease with normal cognition at baseline: a 10-year cohort study.
Title: Ghrelin-based interventions in preclinical models of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review.
Title: Motor fluctuations in Parkinson's disease leave a distinct immune fingerprint in blood.
Title: Multi-omics study identifies diagnostic metabolic signatures of early Parkinson's disease associated with dysregulated glutathione and TCA cycle metabolism.
Title: Brain cholinergic imaging in isolated REM sleep behavior disorder: Distinctions and similarities with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Two novel iron metabolism-related genes identified as diagnostic indicators in substantia nigra of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: The impact of cardiovascular disease on Parkinson's disease: Findings from the PPMI study.
Title: Synthesis, biological evaluation and mechanism study of 2-benzoyl-quinazolinone derivative as ferroptosis inhibitor for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Title: "Unfolding Parkinson's Disease Through the Microbiome-Gut-Brain Axis".
Title: Exploring the therapeutic potential of the gut microbiota metabolite 3‑indolepropionic acid in parkinson's disease: a network pharmacology, molecular docking and cell viability study.
Title: Visual self-reporting for symptom communication in Parkinson's disease.
Title: What is the future direction for the treatment of Parkinson's disease: Deep brain stimulation or stem cell transplantation therapy?
Title: Recognizing Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease as astrogliopathies.
Title: A serotonergic perspective on depression in Parkinson's disease: From synaptic disruption to network failure.
Title: Accelerating Medicines Partnership® Parkinson's Disease Proteomics: A Comprehensive Resource for Advancing Parkinson's Disease Research.
Title: Temporal Discrimination and Proprioceptive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease: Evidence for Distinct Sensory Dysfunction Mechanisms.
Title: Gradient boosting machine model predicts psychiatric complications after deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Rhapontin activating nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 to ameliorate Parkinson's disease-associated gastrointestinal dysfunction.
Title: The Retina as a Biomarker for Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Alteration of hippocampal parvalbumin interneurons underlies memory impairment in rat model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: From brain to eye: Annexin A1 and A2 as a key mediator of retinal neuroinflammation in Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease.
Title: Immune cells from the gut drive development of Parkinson's disease in the brain.
Title: An ensemble machine learning classifier for Parkinson's disease diagnosis using optical coherence tomography angiography.
Title: Sleep quality improvement after switching from levodopa/carbidopa intestinal gel to continuous subcutaneous foslevodopa/foscarbidopa infusion in advanced Parkinson's disease: a case report.
Title: The impact of diabetes mellitus in prodromal Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease as a somato-cognitive action network disorder.
Title: Chromatin accessibility and transcriptome in human neuronal model exposed to Parkinson's environmental toxins.
Title: Reliability and validity of the Vietnamese version of the Montreal Cognitive Assessment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Reply to: Transcriptomic analysis of plasma small extracellular vesicles identifies potential diagnostic biomarkers for Parkinson's disease dementia.
Title: Speech Motor Deficits in Developmental Stuttering and Parkinson's Disease: From Cellular and Circuit to Network-Level Disruptions.
Title: Comment on "Diagnostic Potential of Macromolecular Proton Fraction Mapping Combined with Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping as a Subcortical Biomarker for Parkinson's Disease" by Fujiwara et al.
Title: A neuropeptide receptor-enriched transcriptional state characterizes resilient dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multi-omics dissection of Parkinson's patients in subgroups associated with motor and cognitive severity.
Title: Neural substrates of speech disorders in Parkinson's disease: A narrative review of the evidence from task-based and resting-state fMRI studies.
Title: MONNA alleviates MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease in zebrafish by activating TFEB dependently on ER Calcium.
Title: Long-term outcomes associated with istradefylline versus catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitors in patients with Parkinson's disease: a nationwide real-world cohort study.
Title: Reevaluating central autonomic network dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: Methodological considerations and future directions.
Title: Five-year risk of cardiovascular events and falling in Parkinson's disease with orthostatic hypotension: A nationwide cohort study.
Title: Are glutathionylated aldehyde reductases the missing piece of the "catecholaldehyde hypothesis" in Parkinson's disease? A medical hypothesis concerning the detoxification of 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) and 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetaldehyde (DOPAL).
Title: Voice-Assisted Technology for People With Parkinson's Disease Experiencing Speech and Voice Difficulties: Co-Designing Solutions Using Design Thinking.
Title: Orthopedic manifestations, complications, and outcomes for arthroplasty in patients with Parkinson disease.
Title: Amplitude Distribution Characteristics of the Tongue, Lower Lip, and Jaw in Talkers With Dysarthria Due to Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Can transcranial Direct Current Stimulation enhance the efficacy of a rehabilitative intervention for the treatment of Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's disease? A double-blind, randomized controlled study.
Title: Feasibility and potential effectiveness of an exergame program for people with moderate to advanced Parkinson's disease: A pilot randomized controlled trial.
Title: A randomized safety and feasibility crossover trial of two Mediterranean-ketogenic interventions in individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: D-ribose-L-cysteine and lauric acid co-treatment confers multi-pathway neuroprotection in an alpha-synuclein transgenic Drosophila model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Intensive Conventional Rehabilitation for Reducing Upper Limb Co-contraction and Functional Improvement in Parkinson's Disease: A Case Report.
Title: Evaluation of c-Abl inhibitor vodobatinib in subjects with early Parkinson's disease: a phase 2, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Title: Micro pharmacokinetics-pharmacodynamics monitoring of anti-Parkinson's disease drugs using a microphysiological BBB-brain organ-on-a-chip.
Title: Leukocytic Dopamine D2 Receptors as Biomarkers for Brain Dopamine Levels in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Functional magnetic resonance-based analysis of dynamic functional connectivity in patients with olfactory impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Investigating time distortion in Parkinson's disease considering impaired frontoparietal network and changes in the brain dynamic.
Title: Perceptual Outcome Measures for Supplementing Transcription Intelligibility in Speakers with Parkinson's Disease and Mild Dysarthria.
Title: Deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease in India: an expert consensus on availability, affordability, and eligibility by the Parkinson's research alliance India (PRAI).
Title: The Influence of Parkinson's disease on the incidence of venous thromboembolic events and surgical outcomes of old patients: analysis based on current observational studies.
Title: Focused Ultrasound for the Treatment of Circuit and Molecular Pathology in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Quantitative Assessment of Visible Nigrosome-1 in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy and safety of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials.
Title: Habitat-based MRI radiomics for enhanced parkinson's diagnosis.
Title: Association of LRRK2 p.A419V with Parkinson's Disease in East Asians and analysis of age at onset.
Title: Novel KIF5A variant in a patient with early-onset levodopa-responsive Parkinson's syndrome.
Title: Parkinson's Disease and Voluntary Walking Interventions-A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Title: Potential role of splice junctions of α-synuclein isoforms in the activation of T-cells: Implications for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mapping the causal chain from genetic risk variants to lipid dysmetabolism in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuropeptide S Protects Dopaminergic Neurons in a Paraquat-Induced Parkinson's Model Using SH-SY5Y Cells.
Title: Exploring Dynamic Alpha Band Connectivity in Parkinson's Disease: A Novel Approach to Postural Control Assessment Using the BioVRSea Paradigm.
Title: Methamphetamine regulates microglial polarization and glycolytic activity to promote Parkinson's disease through the LIPH/LPA/PI3K/AKT signaling axis.
Title: [Motor and non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease in the elderly population].
Title: Analgesic Benefit of Low-Dose Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa Infusion in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A Non-Standard Therapeutic Application.
Title: Combining plasma biomarkers, clinical parameters, and neuroimaging features for differential diagnosis of Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonian syndromes: a multidimensional modeling approach.
Title: Autoimmunity to Collagen XVII (BP180-Ag2) in Pemphigoid Associated With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: 10-year clinical outcomes of subthalamic nucleus versus pallidal deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease: VA/NINDS CSP #468F.
Title: Mapping motor cortex "hand knob" metrics to symptom hemidominance in Parkinson's disease: from width comparison to machine learning.
Title: Qualitative Assessment of Network Meta-Analyses of Exercise Therapy for Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review.
Title: Effectiveness of transcranial electrical stimulation combined with dual-task training in stroke, mild cognitive impairment and Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Synergistic Effects of Levodopa, Benserazide, and Nortriptyline on Behavioral Impairments and Brain Pathology in an Experimental Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Extracellular Vesicle-Mediated Delivery of Constrained Peptides Disrupts the Pathogenic Interaction of LRRK2-FADD in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor function, depression, and cognitive dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Machine learning-based stratification of Parkinson's disease progression using dysautonomia symptoms and transcriptomic signatures.
Title: Pan-Gut Dysmotility in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Longitudinal study evaluating the role of physical activity in modifying Parkinson's disease progression.
Title: Effect of deep brain stimulation on dysphagia in Parkinson's disease: mechanisms, evidence, and outlook.
Title: A cross-database bibliometric analysis of rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder in Parkinson's disease research.
Title: Deciphering the modulatory role of short-chain fatty acids in Parkinson's disease 
Title: Mouth Motor Overflow in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Physiotherapist-led community gymnasium exercises for individuals with early onset Parkinson's: a qualitative analysis.
Title: Research Progress of Natural Components Improving Parkinson's Disease by Regulating the Oxidative Stress.
Title: Zinc-Mediated Lysosomal Destabilization Links Mitochondrial Damage to Neuronal Death in a Cellular MPP
Title: Passive immunotherapy for Parkinson's disease in 2025: Status and perspective.
Title: Advances and unmet needs in fluid and tissue biomarkers in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroinflammation and noradrenergic modulation with β2-adrenoceptors: Emerging therapeutic targets for Parkinson's diseases.
Title: α-Synuclein seed amplification assay methodology and performance in Parkinson's disease, lewy body dementia, and multiple system atrophy: A meta-analysis.
Title: Amantadine: a first option for symptomatic relief in young-onset Parkinson's disease?
Title: The interplay between GBA1 status and age of onset on cognitive, motor and non-motor outcomes in Parkinson's disease: multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Dynamic brain synergy uncovers functional neural coordination in Parkinson's disease under dopaminergic modulation.
Title: Closing the Gap: Telepsychology and Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A phenolic acid glyceride dimer isolated from Lilium brownii exerts neuroprotective effects in Parkinson's disease by modulating the p62-Keap1-Nrf2 signalling pathway.
Title: Rab27-dependent mitochondrial extrusion from dopaminergic neurons drives neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration in the MPTP mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Fronto-caudate and callosal microstructural alterations: unveiling multimodal MRI biomarkers in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease with and without history of Agent Orange exposure: A prospective study of US Veterans.
Title: Neuromelanin-sensitive MRI as a biomarker for individualized deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: Associations between substantia nigra imaging and therapeutic outcomes.
Title: N-Acetylcysteine is associated with changes in functional connectivity in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cognitive and motor dual task costs reveal distinct gait impairment phenotypes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Monoaminergic Networks of Cognitive and Behavioral Symptoms in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Hearing Loss in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Mapping cellular vulnerability in Parkinson's disease using retro-AAVs and preformed α-synuclein fibrils.
Title: Metagenomics indicates an interplay of the microbiome and functional pathways in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Catecholaminergic storm and extreme blood pressure lability induced by combined levodopa/benserazide, selegiline, and piribedil in Parkinson's disease: a case report.
Title: Structure-Based Selection of a Tetracycline Derivative for Advanced Biosensor Platforms Targeting Aggregated α-Synuclein in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The importance of deprescribing anticholinergics in Parkinson's disease care.
Title: Reducing delays in time-critical medications for Parkinson's disease: a multifaceted, multiprofessional quality improvement project.
Title: Anti-Parkinson's disease polysaccharide PFP50-1 attenuated neuroinflammation via inhibition of TLR4/NF-κB and PI3K/Akt pathways and suppression of NLRP3 inflammasome activation.
Title: Inhibition of the LHb glutamatergic pathway ameliorates depressive-like behaviors in a 6-hydroxydopamine-induced Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Effects of anodal cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation on motor symptoms and cerebellar inhibition in Parkinson's disease: A sham-controlled cross-over study.
Title: A LNK-CBL-HNRPA2B1-GPX4 signaling axis mediates dopaminergic neuron vulnerability to ferroptosis in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Home-Based time-constrained reactive training enhances movement speed in upper and lower limbs in Parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Induced Pluripotent Stem Cells (iPSCs) as a Regenerative Strategy for Parkinson's Disease: Opportunities and Challenges.
Title: Eating Well With Parkinson Disease: An Evidence-Based Guide to Nutrition, Digestion, and Swallowing.
Title: Temporal muscle thickness: A new tool to assess sarcopenia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Quantitative temporal analysis of posterior oral spillage in a dual-task for individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comparative Multi-Omics Analysis Identifies Shared Transcriptomic Signatures and Therapeutic Targets in Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and Huntington's Diseases.
Title: Therapeutic Effects of Noninvasive Electrical Stimulation in Combination Transplantation of Human Adipose-Derived Stem Cells-Derived Dopaminergic Neuron on the Monkey Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Views and Experiences of Online Exercise Groups for People With Parkinson's Disease: A Qualitative Study.
Title: Empatica E4 wristband assessment of probable REM sleep behavior disorder in people with Parkinson's disease. Results from the DIGI.PARK study.
Title: Intranasal delivery of rotigotine to the brain for treating Parkinson's disease.
Title: Individualized cortico-basal ganglia network effective connectivity predicts outcomes of STN-DBS in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Electroacupuncture exerts neuroprotective effects and alters gut microbiota in a MPTP-induced mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of traditional Chinese exercises on motor function, balance, gait, and quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: "The more you learn, the more you can influence"-learning circles to support citizen science in Parkinson's disease: a pilot study in Sweden.
Title: Adaptation of the Caregiver Version of the Starkstein Apathy Scale (SAS) into Turkish and Investigation of Its Reliability and Validity in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Electroacupuncture alleviates Parkinson's disease by targeting HDAC/SIRT-mediated deacetylation of 14-3-3.
Title: Factors Associated with Early Discontinuation of Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Risk of Falls and Need of Walking Aid in Parkinson's Disease: Incidence and Impact of Comorbidities.
Title: High-mobility Group Protein 1/ Receptor for Advanced Glycation End Products/ Nuclear Factor-κB Signalling Pathway Contributes to the Pathogenic Process of Striatal Neuron Impairment in the Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Multi-omics insights into GBA1-associated Parkinson's disease: interplay of genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, and lipidomics.
Title: Multi-cohort, cross-species urinary proteomics reveals signatures of LRRK2 dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Spinal cord stimulation therapy for gait impairment in Parkinson's disease: a double-blinded, randomised feasibility trial with an open extension.
Title: Identifying Drugs Associated With Parkinson's Disease Risk Using Machine Learning.
Title: Associations between glymphatic dysfunction, white matter injury, and cognitive decline in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Unlocking the potential of lipid-based nanoparticles for intranasal drug delivery in Parkinson's disease.
Title: HCA2 activation confers neuroprotection in Parkinson's disease models by suppressing oxidative stress and ferroptosis via the Nrf2/MGST1/GPX4 pathway.
Title: The Effects of Electromagnetic Articulography Sensors on Speech in Individuals With and Without Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Faster reaction times of CSF alpha-synuclein seed amplification assay predict the diffuse malignant subtype of Parkinson's disease at 10-year follow-up.
Title: Examining the Influence of Task Complexity on Dual-Task Performance in Parkinson's Disease and Healthy Older Adults.
Title: Effects of Combined Psychological and Functional Exercise Interventions on Emotion, Life Quality, and Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Levels in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Does Adding Real-Time Postural Feedback During Training Boost Balance and Mobility in Individuals With Parkinson's Disease? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: A Near-Infrared Chemiluminescent Probe for Visualizing Norepinephrine in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Health Literacy in Parkinson Disease: A Scoping Review.
Title: Subcutaneous Levodopa in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Clinical Characteristics of Geriatric Patients With 
Title: Lutein Attenuates Parkinson's Disease Progression by Regulating Mitochondrial Function via the TRIM31/Drp1 Signaling Pathway.
Title: Multi-Scale Adaptive Temporal Network for Parkinson's Motor Symptom Fluctuation Detection Using Coarsened 2D Skeleton Pose Data.
Title: Gene expression asymmetry in Parkinson's disease: variation of 
Title: Bone health in Parkinson's disease: a comprehensive review of bone involvement and its pathophysiological mechanisms.
Title: Shared and Sex-Specific Genetic Risk for Parkinson's Disease Risk Across European Populations.
Title: Machine learning-guided analysis of metabolomic alterations in Parkinson's disease with comorbid symptoms.
Title: Beta burst characteristics predict instantaneous hand movements in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Engineered Biomimetic Nanorobots Orchestrate Targeted Nose-to-Brain Delivery to Resolve Neuron-Glia Entanglement against Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Clustering Algorithm Reveals Dopamine-Motor Mismatch in Cognitively Preserved Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cerebrospinal fluid dopamine 3-O-sulfate as a novel biomarker for predicting motor complications in Parkinson's disease: insights from the PPMI cohort.
Title: Roseburia intestinalis Offers Vagus-Dependent Neuroprotection Against Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Up-regulated miR-4443 Holds Diagnostic Significance for Parkinson's Disease and may be Involved in Neuroinflammation.
Title: Parkinson's disease and cardiovascular disease: A complex combination of clinical conundrums.
Title: Exogenous mitochondrial transfer alleviates neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease model by improving mitochondrial function.
Title: Oculogyric crisis induced by high-dose apomorphine in a patient with advanced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between oculomotor function testing parameters and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of Telehealth Interventions for People With Parkinson Disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Discordance of Dopaminergic Dysfunction and Subcortical Atrophy by α-Synuclein Status in Sporadic and Genetic Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Clinical and Imaging Characteristics of Parkinson's Disease with Negative Alpha-Synuclein Seed Amplification Assay.
Title: Clinical Validation of α-Synuclein in Salivary Extracellular Vesicles as a Biomarker for Parkinson's Disease: A Longitudinal Study.
Title: Genetic evidence for a functional association between Parkinson's disease proteins leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 and 
Title: Network pharmacology-based identification of potential drug targets and bioactive compounds in 
Title: Clinical characteristics and risk factors of depression in prodromal Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroprotective, eco-friendly iron oxide nanoparticles to alleviate Parkinson's disease symptoms and improve nursing care.
Title: Interplay of oxidative stress and Inflammasome activation and clinical indices in Parkinson's disease: insights from serum SIRT1, Nrf2, and NLRP3 levels and PDQ-39-a cross-sectional study.
Title: Psychometric Validation of the French-Canadian Version of the Tampa Scale of Kinesiophobia for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Synergistic Effects of Plant Polysaccharides and Probiotics: A Novel Dietary Approach for Parkinson's Disease Intervention.
Title: Exercise-Induced Oxygen Desaturation and Cognitive Performance in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Prospective Observational Study.
Title: State-Dependent Distortions of Short-Range Internal Timing: A Narrative Review Across Stress, Anxiety, Depression, Parkinson's Disease, and Epilepsy.
Title: Oral Dysbiosis and Neuroinflammation: Implications for Alzheimer's, Parkinson's and Mood Disorders.
Title: Comparative Analysis of T-Cell Signatures and Astroglial Reactivity in Parkinson's Pathology Across Animal Models with Distinct Regenerative Capacities.
Title: Dysregulated MicroRNAs in Parkinson's Disease: Pathogenic Mechanisms and Biomarker Potential.
Title: Microbial Metabolism of Levodopa as an Adjunct Therapeutic Target in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Retinal Thickness Profiles in Parkinsonian Syndromes: Discerning Parkinson's Disease, Multiple System Atrophy, and Progressive Supranuclear Palsy via Optical Coherence Tomography.
Title: Modulation of Bromo- and Extra-Terminal Domain (BET) Proteins Exerts Neuroprotective Effects in Cell Culture Models of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cellular and Molecular Mechanisms of Neuroprotection in Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Sexual Dysfunction in Individuals with Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease in Ethiopia: Gender Differences and Correlation with Anti-Parkinson's Medication, Stigma, and Distress.
Title: Systematic Evaluation of a Mouse Model of Aging-Associated Parkinson's Disease Induced with MPTP and D-Galactose.
Title: Neuroimaging and Pathology Biomarkers in Parkinson's Disease and Parkinsonism.
Title: Relationships Among Functional Status, Global Self-Reported Categorical Measure of Activity Level, Health-Related Quality of Life and Psychological State in Patients with Parkinson's Disease in Greece.
Title: Exploring Bidirectional Associations Between Voice Acoustics and Objective Motor Metrics in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Holistic Care Clinic for People with Parkinson's Disease: Outcome from a Newly Developed Service.
Title: Epigenetic Signatures in an Italian Cohort of Parkinson's Disease Patients from Sicily.
Title: New Challenges in the Study of Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Symptom-Specific Networks and the DBS-Modulated Network in Parkinson's Disease: A Connectivity-Based Review.
Title: Synaptic Vesicle Disruption in Parkinson's Disease: Dual Roles of α-Synuclein and Emerging Therapeutic Targets.
Title: Microglia, Astrocytes, and Oligodendrocytes in Parkinson's Disease: Neuroinflammatory Crosstalk and Emerging Therapeutic Strategies.
Title: Chicoric acid prevents motor dysfunction in zebrafish Parkinson's disease model through Nrf2-mediated antioxidant effect.
Title: Real-time detection and subtyping of "On-meds" freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease using lower-limb acceleration data.
Title: CDS-PD: a novel clinical decision support platform for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluation of idiopathic olfactory dysfunction as a warning marker for early parkinson's disease: a population-based cross-sectional study.
Title: Gut bacteria composition in animal models of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Nutrition in Parkinson's disease: what neurologists need to know.
Title: The effect of rebound therapy in Parkinson's disease: A single-blinded randomized controlled trial.
Title: Usability of assistive cutlery for people with Parkinson's disease: a user-centred design prototype.
Title: Sustained efficacy and safety of levodopa-carbidopa intestinal gel in advanced Parkinson's disease: a 10-year observational study.
Title: Correction: "Dozing off" in the car and excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in parkinson's disease: a survey of 125 patients.
Title: Altered gut microbiota, SCFAs, and barrier integrity markers in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Deep Convolutional Neural Network-Based Detection of Gait Abnormalities in Parkinson's Disease Using Fewer Plantar Sensors in a Smart Insole.
Title: Rethinking Parkinson's disease genetics in the precision medicine era: why genomic diversity matters?
Title: Impact of Early Treatment with Pimavanserin on Healthcare Resource Utilization Among Newly Diagnosed Patients with Parkinson's Disease Psychosis: A Pre-Post Medicare Claims Database Analysis.
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of Time-Restricted Feeding Combined With Different Protein Sources in MPTP-Induced Parkinson's Disease Mice Model and Its Modulatory Impact on Gut Microbiota Metabolism.
Title: Osmotin-derived 9-amino-acid peptide alleviates α-synuclein and MPTP-induced glial cell activation mediated neuroinflammation, protecting dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease mice brain.
Title: [The diagnostic value of 
Title: [Striatal dopamine transporter distribution pattern and its correlation with iron deposition in the substantia nigra pars compacta in Parkinson's disease based on 
Title: A multi-level annotated sensor dataset of gait freezing manifestations and severity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Synergistic Neuroprotection in Parkinson's Disease via Photobiomodulation and Liposomal Rosmarinic Acid Delivery.
Title: Ultrarapid Remission of Treatment-Resistant Depression in Parkinson Disease With Intermittent Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.
Title: Cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease is associated with enhanced modulation of subthalamic beta-oscillations during DBS neurofeedback.
Title: Type 2 Diabetes Risk among Incident Parkinson's Disease Patients: A 20-Year Retrospective Population-Based Cohort Study.
Title: Gut-Brain Axis: The Role of Gastrointestinal Issues in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The association between blood urea nitrogen to albumin ratio and cognitive function in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Impact of Gender and Race on Gastrointestinal Diseases in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: A Nationwide Analysis.
Title: Gut microbiota and Parkinson's disease: exploring pathogenesis and potential therapeutic strategies from a gut-brain axis perspective.
Title: Temporal patterns of motor and nonmotor symptom emergence in Parkinson's disease: a cluster analysis.
Title: Epidemiology of Parkinson's disease - Global burden of disease research from 1990 to 2021 and future trend predictions.
Title: Cortical activation and functional connectivity between healthy elderly and Parkinson's disease patients and between cognitive subgroups of Parkinson's patients: a multichannel functional near-infrared spectroscopy study.
Title: Separating cognitive and motor contributions to iADL difficulties in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mechanistic insights into the anti-neuroinflammatory effects of cassia 
Title: Consensus on the clinical application of the acute levodopa challenge test in Parkinson's disease (2025).
Title: GLP-1RAs versus metformin and Parkinson's risk in type 2 diabetes.
Title: Conversation Barriers and Strategies Used by People With Parkinson's and Their Partners to Support Conversation.
Title: Synthesis and Biological Evaluation of Rigid Benztropine Analogues with Potential DAT Inhibition Activity: A Prospect in Parkinson's Disease Treatment.
Title: Discriminating vascular parkinsonism from early-stage postural instability gait difficulty subtype dominant Parkinson's disease: a dual-task gait analysis using wearable sensors.
Title: Effects of immersive virtual reality and adaptive cognitive training on cognition and function in parkinson's disease mild cognitive impairment: a randomized clinical trial.
Title: Cross-talk between neuroinflammation and α-synuclein aggregation: The central role of the cGAS-STING pathway in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuropsychiatric and cognitive safety of subcutaneous foslevodopa/foscarbidopa in advanced Parkinson's disease: insights from a real-world cohort.
Title: Demographics, treatment patterns, and healthcare resource utilization in Parkinson's disease: a real-world data study using a claims database.
Title: Sexual dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: what about women?
Title: Verbal fluency in Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment: quantitative, qualitative, and semantic network analyses.
Title: PARP1 suppression by α7 nAChR activation attenuated α-synuclein-induced neurotoxicity in parkinson's disease.
Title: Imaging brain class I histone deacetylase changes in the Lewy body dementias and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Does cognition affect supervised and unsupervised mobility differently in people with Parkinson's disease? A cross-sectional study.
Title: Effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on mild cognitive impairment of Parkinson's disease: a double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial.
Title: Micro-nanoplastics and Parkinson's disease: evidence and perspectives.
Title: Fighting Parkinson's disease: a neurologist-patient journey.
Title: Temporal trends and risk factors of hospital readmission following deep brain stimulation for Parkinson disease.
Title: Altered regional spontaneous brain activity in Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Title: Unravelling the temporal evolution of Parkinson's disease mortality in Spanish autonomous communities (1999-2021).
Title: Impact of a perioperative protocol for Parkinson's disease patients on use of contraindicated drugs.
Title: Impact of Alcohol Intake on Parkinson's Disease Risk and Progression: A Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies.
Title: Matsupexole: A novel nonergot dopamine receptor agonist with sustained efficacy in a rat model of Parkinson's disease and limited off-target activity.
Title: Systemic inflammation response index and Parkinson's disease risk: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Investigating the efficacy, methods, and challenges of induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSC) therapy in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluation of the neurotrophic peptide mixture in pathogenetic therapy of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Optimizing Parkinson's disease progression scales using computational methods.
Title: Introducing a workflow algorithm for adaptive DBS programming in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Sleep deprivation-induced TLR4/MyD88/NF-κB pathway dysregulation worsens cognitive impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Identification of pesticides associated with an increased risk of Parkinson's disease using a multi-screen approach.
Title: Camaraderie for Care Partners: Addressing the Well-Being of Care Partners for Singing Group Participants With Parkinson's Disease Through a Phenomenological Qualitative Approach.
Title: Correction: Personalized versus fixed tactile cueing in Parkinson's disease: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial on gait automaticity.
Title: Preoperative Brain Atrophy as a Predictor of Motor Outcomes after Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A monoclonal antibody targeting the C-terminal of α-synuclein fibrils mitigates pathology in a Parkinson's disease model.
Title: [Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome : Comparison of different algorithms].
Title: Exploring the Fecal Microbiome Dysbiosis and Its Plasma Metabolome Determinants in Advanced Parkinson's Disease With Motor Complications.
Title: Brain fog in Parkinson's disease: unraveling mechanisms and measuring impact.
Title: Deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease in Thailand: cost, utility and policy implications for universal health coverage.
Title: Correspondence: "Long-Term Effects of Deep Brain Stimulation on Non-Motor Symptoms in Patients with Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Pallidal beta power is associated with depression in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comparative effects of medication combined with twenty rehabilitation therapies: core outcomes in 8202 parkinson's patients.
Title: Magnetoencephalography-based prediction of longitudinal symptom progression in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Hypergraph-Based Multimodal MRI Reveals Thalamus-Mediated Network Dyscoordination Underlying Motor Impairments in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Protein S-sulfhydration: Mechanisms and therapeutic implications in Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mitochondrial acetyl-CoA reprogramming by the SIRT3-ACSS2-OPA1 axis confers resistance to ferroptosis in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Upregulated GBP2 exacerbates Parkinson's disease pathogenesis by impairing NIX-dependent mitophagy.
Title: The challenges of experimental pharmacology in identifying novel treatments for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comparative pharmacokinetics of levodopa-carbidopa intestinal gel infusion and foslevodopa-foscarbidopa continuous subcutaneous infusion therapies in advanced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Beyond Quiet Stance: The Role of Levodopa in Prolonged Standing in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Serum phosphorylated tau 217 in 
Title: Effect of 5 Musical Notes Therapy on Sleep Disorders in Patients With Parkinson Disease.
Title: Unveiling the Therapeutic Potential of Pinostrobin in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease Based on Oxidative Stress and Mitochondrial Dysfunction.
Title: Case Report: A case of aural myiasis in an elderly bedridden patient with newly diagnosed Parkinson's syndrome.
Title: Association of TRPV1 genetic variants with cognitive functions in Parkinson disease.
Title: Feasibility of an amazonian dance protocol for people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Zhigancao decoction alleviates Parkinson's disease via inhibiting TNF/NF-κB and Ras/ERK-mediated neuroinflammation and apoptosis.
Title: Effects of focal low energy extracorporeal shock wave treatment on reduction of sialorrhea in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Revisiting the Association of Pesticide Exposure and Parkinson's Disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Association of a five-metabolite and early-symptom profile with Parkinson's disease and its clinical progression.
Title: Mitochondrial Dynamics-Related Gene Regulation by Epigenetic Suppression of GCN5 Exerts Neuroprotective Effects in Rotenone-Induced Parkinson's Disease Model.
Title: Efficacy and safety of IPX203 in Parkinson's patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Author Correction: The genetic architecture of Parkinson's disease on the Island of Crete.
Title: Biological aging predicts mortality in Parkinson's patients: evidence from UK Biobank.
Title: Machine Learning-Driven Approach to Identify Freezing of Gait in Individuals with Parkinson's Disease Using Conventional Structural MRI and Clinical Measures.
Title: Total flavonoids isolated from Fructus Mume (Prunus mume Sieb. et Zucc.) mitigate Parkinson's disease progression by promoting neuronal mitophagy via activation of the CaMKKβ/AMPK signaling pathway.
Title: Three years later: tracking bothersome symptoms and impacts for people with early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Irisin as a Neuroprotective Agent in Parkinson's Disease: The Role of Physical Exercise in Modulating Dopaminergic Neurons.
Title: Patient and Physician Perspectives on Pharmacotherapy in Parkinson's Disease Psychosis: A Mixed-Methods Exploratory Study.
Title: Home-Based REM Sleep Without Atonia in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Post Hoc Analysis of the ZEAL Study.
Title: Phase coupling in the beta and gamma frequencies of motor cortex activity is elevated in people with Parkinson's disease when medication is temporarily withheld.
Title: Causal Relationships Between Mental Health Disorders and Parkinson's Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Title: Rehabilitation interventions for oropharyngeal dysphagia in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Understanding Cueing Strategies for Gait Impairments in Parkinson's Disease: Protocol of the Multicenter UNITE-PD Study.
Title: Factors associated with sleep disorders in elderly patients with Parkinson's disease and cognitive impairment and the nomogram model development.
Title: Machine learning models for the prediction of levodopa response to tremor in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Validation of the Norwegian version of the Movement Disorder Society-Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale.
Title: Systematic discovery of disease-modifying targets by prediction from knowledge graph-based AI model and experimental validation: Parkinson's disease case.
Title: Advancing Parkinson's disease detection through multi-dimensional machine learning: a comprehensive framework using wearable movement sensor analytics.
Title: Vertebrobasilar dolichoectasia compresses midbrain, worsens Parkinson symptoms, and evokes Holmes tremor: A case report.
Title: Dynamic cerebral autoregulation impairment in patients with Parkinson's disease correlates with autonomic disfunction.
Title: Emotion recognition from faces and bodies in Parkinson's disease and its relationship to MRI-based brain volumetry.
Title: Inhibition of de novo ceramide synthesis mitigates alpha-synuclein pathology in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Endurance and Efficiency of Cycling and Manual Wheelchairs in Late-Stage Parkinson's Disease: A Preliminary Study.
Title: Does the Minimal Detectable Change in the 10-Meter Walk Test and Timed Up and Go Test Differ by Parkinson's Disease Severity?
Title: [Postural Abnormalities in Parkinson's Disease].
Title: [Sleep-Wake Disturbances in Advanced Parkinson's Disease].
Title: [Hypersexuality in Parkinson's Disease].
Title: [Orthostatic Hypotension in Parkinson's Disease].
Title: [Fall Risk and Its Management in Parkinson's Disease].
Title: [Psychiatric Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: Epidemiology, Pathophysiology, and Therapeutic Strategies].
Title: Multimodal diagnosis of Parkinson's disease with an internet-based collaborative agent architecture of medical language models.
Title: The effect of Apolipoprotein E4 on cognitive function in Parkinson's disease: A structural MRI study in the PPMI cohort.
Title: GBA1 as a predictive biomarker for impulse control behaviors in parkinson's disease: promise and challenges.
Title: Neuroprotective effect of sinomenine on parkinson's disease through NLRP3/Caspase-1/GSDMD pathway-mediated pyroptosis inhibition.
Title: [A unique hallucination in the context of Parkinson's disease: reduplication or misidentification?].
Title: Update on Medical Treatments for Essential Tremor: An International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society Evidence-Based Medicine Review.
Title: Toward Harmonizing Quantification of Dopamine Neuron Imaging Biomarkers in Parkinson's Disease: The Centamine Scale.
Title: Association between anxiety, depression, and fatigue in elderly patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between statin use and mortality in adults with Parkinson's disease: A nationwide cohort study.
Title: Longitudinal implications of BDNF rs6265 polymorphism on motor and non-motor features of Parkinson's disease in Korean population.
Title: EEG microstate features under visual feedback gain conditions exhibit high sensitivity in identifying early Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Effects of a gait training program with the Fisior
Title: Inhibition of the NFATc2/FKBP5 axis alleviates microglial neuroinflammation by regulating arachidonic acid metabolism in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Quantitative and Comparative Analysis of Dream Content in Parkinson's Disease Patients Undergoing Deep Brain Stimulation: A Pilot Study.
Title: Awake Electrophysiological Profiling of the Ventromedial Prefrontal Cortex in a Mouse Model of Depression and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Long-Term Mortality and 10-Year Outcomes after Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Simultaneous High-Frequency Subthalamic and Ultra-Low-Frequency Nigral Deep Brain Stimulation Improved Motor Symptoms and Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: VGLUT2 in Parkinson's disease: an emerging therapeutic target.
Title: Management of Parkinson's disease psychosis-a European perspective.
Title: Preclinical biodistribution and safety evaluation of human iPSC-derived dopaminergic neural progenitor cells for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Quantity and quality of care and staff knowledge regarding people with Parkinson's disease in long-term nursing care: "real-life" results from the German Care4PD study.
Title: Speech Acoustic Markers Can Detect Mild Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The relationship between nutritional status and sleep quality in Parkinson's disease: a single tertiary center study.
Title: Iatrogenic hemoperitoneum and sigmoid colon injury from malpositioned apomorphine infusion device in advanced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Emerging neurotechnological approaches to management of sleep disturbances in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Genetic and Pathological Testing Attitudes for Parkinson's Disease in At-Risk Relatives.
Title: MRI Assessment of Nigrosome in Parkinson's Disease: Is it Currently a Valuable Tool in Clinical Practice?
Title: Dual-Risk axis: 
Title: Oxidative Stress-Related Serum Extracellular Vesicle miRNAs Indicate Symptom Severity and Cognitive Decline in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy of non-invasive neuromodulation technologies in improving cognitive function and activities of daily living in patients with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, and stroke: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Serum Aberrant Expression of miR-431-5p and Their Diagnostic Value in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Elevated cerebral oxygen extraction fraction in Parkinson's disease correlates with motor impairment severity.
Title: Home-based transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) improves motor and non-motor symptoms by improving autonomic and brain functions in patients with Parkinson's disease: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: Veterans With Parkinson's Disease: A Shared Care Model Between Movement Disorder and Rehabilitation Specialists.
Title: Catha edulis and Datura stramonium mitigate oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, and cell death in an SH-SY5Y model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comment on "Acute Pharmacodynamic Effects of Oral Levodopa on Blood Pressure in Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Response to Comment on "Acute Pharmacodynamic Effects of Oral Levodopa on Blood Pressure in Parkinson's Disease".
Title: The association between probable sarcopenia, non-motor symptoms, and fall-related outcomes in parkinson's disease.
Title: Telerehabilitation for the treatment of nocturnal hypokinesia in people with Parkinson's disease: a pilot study.
Title: The role of exercise and lifestyle factors in fatigue among Parkinson's disease patients: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Parkinson's Disease and Salivary Issues: A Survey.
Title: Blastocystis hominis infection inducing gut microbiome dysbiosis and aggravating Parkinson's disease symptoms: a case report.
Title: An attention-augmented multimodal classification of alzheimer's disease and parkinson's disease vs healthy controls using MRI, EEG, and SNP data.
Title: Microglial low-affinity FcγR mediates the phagocytic elimination of dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease degeneration.
Title: Unraveling the intersection of aging and Parkinson's disease: a collaborative roadmap for advancing research models.
Title: Spatial single-cell multiomics reveals peripheral immune dysfunction in Parkinson's and inflammatory bowel disease.
Title: Visual misperceptions in favour of living beings in Parkinson's disease: A psychophysical study.
Title: Comparative Efficacy of 17 Rehabilitation Therapies Combined With Medication for Improving Gait Disorders and Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease: A Network Meta-Analysis of 137 RCTs.
Title: Omega-3 supplementation prevents functional and neural respiratory damage present in an animal model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Clinical study on metabolic differences in the limbic system between non-demented Parkinson's disease patients and Parkinson's disease dementia patients.
Title: Nanotechnology-based advancements in Parkinson's therapy: Exploring animal models and clinical insights in neurodegenerative disorders.
Title: Cerebellar contributions to cognitive deterioration in Parkinson's disease: Insights from multi-omics and longitudinal data.
Title: Association between dairy consumption and Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The road for developing new pharmacological therapies for Parkinson's disease: Current trends and targets in clinical trials.
Title: Multi-omics Mendelian randomization and machine learning identify candidate therapeutic targets for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Title: The impact of depressive symptoms on 5-year all-cause mortality in patients with parkinson's disease treated with and without deep brain stimulation.
Title: Is Parkinson's disease getting older? Demographic and modifiable determinants of age at onset in a large Italian tertiary care cohort.
Title: Correlation of Plasma Neuropeptide Y with Specific Cognitive Domains in Patients with Parkinson's Disease Cognitive Impairment.
Title: The iTrail making test (iTMT): an evaluation of novel testing paradigms, hidden indices of measurement, and diagnostic accuracy in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Assessment of RAB32 p.Ser71Arg Variant Prevalence in Parkinson's Disease Across Selected African, European, and South American Cohorts.
Title: Eating Disorders and Parkinson's Disease - 1: Comorbidities, Neurobiology and Family History.
Title: Eating Disorders and Parkinson's Disease - 2: Population Burden, Genetic Epidemiology and Shared Genomics.
Title: Parkinson's disease LRRK2 mutations dysregulate iron homeostasis and promote oxidative stress and ferroptosis in human neurons and astrocytes.
Title: Emergent critical oscillations in motor cortex of Parkinson's patients.
Title: Machine Learning Prediction of Discharge Destination in Patients with Parkinson's Disease; A Nationwide Cohort Study.
Title: Altered resting-state functional connectivity of raphe nucleus is associated with tremor in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Considerations for Initiation and Maintenance of Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa for Advanced Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dropped Head Syndrome Unmasking Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1 in a Patient with Parkinson's Disease: A Case Report and a Case-Based Review.
Title: Visuospatial dysfunction indicates an increased risk of rapid dementia conversion in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Subcortical Brain-Age Gaps Reveal Asymmetric Aging Patterns in Parkinson's Disease With Cognitive Impairment.
Title: Co-occurrence patterns and related risk factors of dementia and Parkinson's disease among older adults across 204 countries and territories: a spatial correspondence and systematic analysis.
Title: Methamphetamine-Driven Neuroinflammation and Parkinson's Disease Pathology: Mechanistic Insight into Nrf2 and NFĸB Signaling.
Title: Dissociating dopaminergic and nondopaminergic motor loads in Parkinson's disease: clinical correlates, non-motor interactions, and quality-of-life implications.
Title: Multi-omic insight into the molecular mechanism of cuproptosis-related genes in the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Early retinal synaptic dysfunction and proteomic remodeling precede neurodegeneration in a Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Low-frequency activity in the subthalamic nucleus informs about the acute neuropsychiatric state in Parkinson's disease.
Title: UQCRC1 deficiency impairs mitophagy via PINK1-dependent mechanisms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Prompting and Fine-Tuning Large Language Models for Parkinson Disease Diagnosis: Comparative Evaluation Study Using the PPMI Structured Dataset.
Title: Parkinson's disease & cardiovascular disease: A narrative review.
Title: Imipramine improves motor impairments in a rat model of Parkinson's disease induced by 6-hydroxydopamine; the role of oxidative stress and neurotrophic factors.
Title: Association between plasma glucosylsphingosine levels and dyskinesia burden in GBA1-related Parkinson's disease.
Title: NRF2 at the crossroads of Parkinson's disease and aging: Mechanistic insights and translational perspectives.
Title: Physical Exercise for Managing Fatigue in Parkinson's Disease: Clinical and Research Recommendations From a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Association of Physical Exercise With Structural Brain Changes and Cognitive Decline in Patients With Early Parkinson Disease.
Title: Astragalus polysaccharide protects against neuron degeneration and mitochondrial dysfunction in Parkinson's disease by upregulating CEND1.
Title: GeneReviews
Title: Exploring deep brain stimulation willingness in Black individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Advances in autophagy for Parkinson's disease pathogenesis and treatment.
Title: Systematic Review of Therapeutic Strategies for Reducing Parkinson's Disease Symptoms and Progression.
Title: Of the manuscript: relationship between serum Zonulin level and sarcopenia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Super-resolution ultrasound imaging indirectly reveals neurovascular uncoupling in substantia nigra of a Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Parkinsonism in Idiopathic Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus or Hydrocephalic Presentation in Parkinson's disease: A Report of Three Cases.
Title: Antioxidant and neuroprotective effects of ubiquinol diacetate: Insights from SH-SY5Y cell line and Caenorhabditis elegans models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Recruitment strategies for the racial disparities in Parkinson's disease study: Partnering with patients from the Black community.
Title: Subjective cognitive complaints in cognitively normal patients with Parkinson's disease predict development of dementia: A 5-year longitudinal observation.
Title: The Effects of Art Therapy on Executive Functions and Attention in Parkinson's Disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Microenvironment Self-Adaptive Nanoarmor to Address Adhesion- and Colonization-Related Obstacles in Impaired Intestine Promote Bacteriotherapy Against Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Chitosan-based nanoparticles for targeted delivery of 17β-estradiol to enhance SIRT1-mediated autophagy and mitigate rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Beta-Band and Aperiodic Activity Across New and Chronic Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Early Autonomic Burden in Prodromal Parkinson's Disease Predicts Cognitive Impairment.
Title: Persisting or Worsening Impulse Control Disorders in Parkinson's Disease Following a Switch to Subcutaneous Foslevodopa-Foscarbidopa.
Title: There is currently no evidence that long-COVID-19 leads to neurodegenerative diseases such as SDAT, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, or Parkinson's disease.
Title: Integrated bioinformatics analysis reveals Netrin-1 as a key molecular link between Parkinson's disease and heart failure.
Title: Mites, microbes, and neurodegeneration: A unified environmental hypothesis for Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, and Lewy body dementia.
Title: Exploring eye movement abnormalities as objective biomarkers for Parkinson's disease utilizing virtual reality-based eye tracking.
Title: Detection of parkinson's disease with neuroimaging modalities using machine learning and artificial intelligence: a systematic review.
Title: Impact of dual-tasking and balance confidence on turns and transitions: a cross-sectional study in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Alterations of cerebrospinal fluid flow dynamics in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease: spatiotemporal regulation and therapeutic prospects of TREM2-mediated microglial responses.
Title: When Parkinson's disease is not the whole story: thoracic spinal dural arteriovenous fistula revealed.
Title: Programmed cell death pathways in Parkinson's disease: Spotlight on ferroptosis and pyroptosis.
Title: The Possible Impact of Montelukast in Parkinson's Disease: A Substantial Contribution.
Title: Striatal dopamine synthesis capacity in Parkinson's disease: Effects of age, sex, and body mass index in a large [
Title: Therapeutic Effects of Low-Intensity Treadmill Exercise on Motor and Non-Motor Symptoms in a 6-Hydroxydopamine (OHDA) Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease via Gut-Brain Axis Modulation.
Title: Risk factors and outcome of dopamine dysregulation syndrome in a large Chinese Parkinson's disease cohort.
Title: Summary of the Best Evidence for Safety Management in Patients with Parkinson's Disease Accompanied by Behavioral and Psychiatric Symptoms: A Systematic Review.
Title: Long-Term Trends in Parkinson's Disease and Associated Mental Health Disorders: Insights From the CDC WONDER Database, 1999-2023.
Title: EEG Microstates Are Associated with Motor Function in Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Observational Study.
Title: Association between Helicobacter pylori infection and Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Alterations of the gut virome in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Excess risk of fracture in incident Parkinson's disease Medicare beneficiaries.
Title: Investigating the prevalence of Toxoplasma gondii infection in Parkinson's disease patients and its association with disease severity: a case-control study.
Title: Improvement of Pisa syndrome in Parkinson's disease following continuous subcutaneous infusion of foslevodopa/foscarbidopa.
Title: Urine bis(Monoacylglycerol)Phosphate and risk of freezing of gait in parkinson's disease.
Title: Data-driven clinical decision support tool for diagnosing mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Data-driven subtyping of early Parkinson's disease via mutual cross-attention fusion of EEG and dual-task gait features.
Title: Delphinidin modulates neuroinflammation and behavioral deficits in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Study of blood linear RNA nominates CD55 and DLD as early-stage biomarkers for Parkinson's sisease.
Title: Clinical Correlates of a Ratio-Based Progression Index in Parkinson's Disease: Insights from a Large Cross-Sectional Cohort.
Title: The persisting puzzle of OFF time in advanced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Is motor asymmetry a predictor of non-motor outcomes in Parkinson's disease?
Title: [Clinical and kinematic analysis of swimming disorders in Parkinson's disease].
Title: [Frequency of nutritional deficiency in patients with Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease].
Title: Intake of Folate, Vitamin B6, and Vitamin B12 Before and After Disease Diagnosis and the Risk of Death in Individuals with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: From Molecules to Populations: Is There a Role for Vitamin B6 in Parkinson's Disease?
Title: Effects of MAO-B Inhibitors on Cognition in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Network Meta-Analysis.
Title: Neutrophil-to-Lymphocyte Ratio Predicts Anxiety Progression in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A cross-sectional study of the association between the lymphocyte to high-density lipoprotein ratio and pain in parkinson's disease.
Title: Functional connectivity-based searchlight multivariate pattern analysis for discriminating Parkinson's disease patients and predicting clinical variables.
Title: Ultra-high-field (9.4 T) ex vivo diffusion MRI tractography reveals microstructural differences in Parkinson's disease motor subtypes.
Title: At home monitoring of chronic adaptive deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Generation and characterization of 5 induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) lines from Parkinson's disease patients carrying GBA1 variants.
Title: Microengineering of the capillary interface of midbrain dopaminergic neurons to study Parkinson's disease vascular alterations.
Title: Targeting microglial inflammation in Parkinson's disease: irisin activates PAFAH1B1-RAGE ubiquitination and TFEB-dependent autophagy to alleviate neurodegeneration.
Title: Subthalamic nucleus in patients with Parkinson's disease encodes changes and magnitude of applied force.
Title: Metabolomic breath landscape analysis unravels lipid biomarker candidates in patients with genetic and idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Low-intensity transcranial ultrasound effects on the ventral intermediate nucleus and zona incerta in Parkinson's disease tremor.
Title: Impaired theory of mind in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review of etiological debates.
Title: Investigating causal relations between brain morphology and genetic risk variants in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Defining Quality of Life: The Perspective of People Living with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Comments on: "Potentially Inappropriate Medication Use in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: Analysis of Korean National Health Insurance Claims Data".
Title: Re: Comments on "Potentially Inappropriate Medication Use in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: Analysis of Korean National Health Insurance Claims Data".
Title: α-Synuclein Real-Time Quaking-Induced Conversion Assay as a Biomarker for Parkinson's Disease: Clinical Implications and Perspectives.
Title: Five-Year Follow-Up of Photobiomodulation in Parkinson's Disease: A Case Series Exploring Clinical Stability and Microbiome Modulation.
Title: The Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Gait, Motor Function, and Balance in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Parkinson's Disease and Frailty: A Two-Way Link Across Aging.
Title: The Impact of Dance-Based Physical Activity on Sensorimotor and Psychological Function in Parkinson's Disease: A Narrative Review.
Title: Walking Capacity in Parkinson's Disease: Test-Retest Reliability of the 6-min Walk Test on a Non-Linear Circuit.
Title: GRU-Based Deep Multimodal Fusion of Speech and Head-IMU Signals in Mixed Reality for Parkinson's Disease Detection.
Title: Differential Glycosylation Patterns in Parkinson's Disease: Emphasis on Male-Specific Changes Identified via HILIC-LC-MS.
Title: Mitophagy-NLRP3 Inflammasome Crosstalk in Parkinson's Disease: Pathogenic Mechanisms and Emerging Therapeutic Strategies.
Title: Modulation of Behavioral, Biochemical, Immunomodulatory, and Transcriptional Profiles by the Strain 
Title: Plasma Levels of Food-Derived Metabolites as Biomarkers of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Multidimensional Characterization of Parkinson's Disease Subtypes Through Motor Neuron Excitability and Peripheral Immune Dynamics: Insights from F-Wave Modulation Metrics.
Title: Oral Administration of Astrocyte-Targeted Natural Antioxidants Suppress NOX4-Driven Neuroinflammation and Restore Hippocampal Neurogenesis in MPTP-Induced Parkinson's Disease Mouse Model.
Title: Comparison of the Efficiency of Fractional Anisotropy or Relaxation Time T2* in the Early Diagnosis of 6-Hydroxydopamine-Induced Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Novel psychophysical line bisection task using brief stimulus presentation reveals no horizontal bias in left-onset parkinson's disease.
Title: Video-based machine learning models for predicting deep brain stimulation outcomes in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Neuroprotective activity of mung bean (Vigna radiata) coat extract via AMPK-dependent autophagy in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's models.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of Bifidobacterium animalis HN019 and Lactobacillus acidophilus NCFM in MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease mice.
Title: ALPS index and choroid plexus volume as indirect MRI biomarkers of glymphatic function for predicting cognitive decline in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multimodal MRI data fusion reveals distinct structural, functional and neurochemical correlates of depression in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cytokine associated neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease: Molecular pathways, therapeutic targets, and translational insights.
Title: Compartment-specific correlation of pathological α-synuclein in prodromal Parkinson's disease.
Title: Ayurvedic Therapeutic Regimen as an Add-On to Optimized Conventional Management of Parkinson Disease: Protocol for an Exploratory Randomized Controlled Trial Evaluating Clinical, Cortical Excitability, Neuroimmune, and Autonomic Function Parameters.
Title: Vaccines mimicking conformational epitopes on α-synuclein fibrils provide immunity to Parkinson's disease.
Title: Probiotic, Prebiotic, or Synbiotic Supplementation in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis with Trial Sequential Analysis.
Title: Effects of deep brain stimulation on non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: insights from longitudinal studies using consistent evaluation scales.
Title: Non-Motor Symptoms: The Hidden Face of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Pseudoarthrosis after thoracolumbar fusion in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Differentiating effects of levodopa and subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation on motor features in Parkinson disease.
Title: Parkinsonism Reversal and Dopaminergic Resilience: Lessons from a Rotenone-induced Parkinson's Disease Model.
Title: Clarifying Order and Carry-Over Considerations in Dual-Target MRgFUS for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Characteristics of Swallowing Function in People with Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review.
Title: Immersive virtual reality upper-limb exercises in people with Parkinson's disease: an observer-blinded randomised controlled trial.
Title: Elevated neurofilament light chain (NfL) in blood and CSF as a biomarker for Parkinson's disease cognitive impairment: A meta-analysis.
Title: Neural correlates of emotional prosody in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review.
Title: Survival and related factors in patients with Parkinson's disease: a multicenter prospective cohort study in China.
Title: Dynamic thalamocortical functional connectivity disruptions in Parkinson's disease with probable REM sleep behavior disorder.
Title: Parkinson's disease-specific α-Synuclein variants potentially drive Lewy body formation by engaging in promiscuous and non-functional interactions.
Title: Prevalence of low muscle mass and its association with orthostatic hypotension and related symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Propensity-matched multicenter comparison of Parkinson's disease outcomes with and without deep brain stimulation.
Title: The Impact of Inspiratory Muscle Strength Training on Vocal Loudness in Individuals With Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Study.
Title: Agonism of FFA4/GPR120 activates tyrosine hydroxylase and confers neuroprotection from 6-OHDA-induced cytotoxicity in PC12 cells and in a rat 6-OHDA model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Identification of the disulfidptosis-related gene IQGAP1 as a potential diagnostic biomarker in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multi-modal gait assessment in Parkinson's Disease: A pilot study examining the impact of terrain and environment.
Title: Letter to the editor: Acupuncture as a phenotype-specific adjunct for fear-of-falling in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Exploring regional BOLD fluctuations to understand the pathophysiology of mild cognitive impairments in individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impact of type 2 diabetes on the development of dementia and death in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Chinese patent medicine in the treatment of Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Comprehensive Analysis of Autophagy-Related Gene Profiles and Immune Characteristics in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Genetic analysis of LRRK2 variants in Han Chinese patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Discovery of novel N-(prop-2-yn-1-yl)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalen-1-amine derivatives as MAO-B inhibitors for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Proteomic and Genetic Insights into Ancestry-Specific Associations in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Life's Essential 8 and Parkinson's Disease Risk: A Cross-Sectional Study Based on NHANES Data (2005-2018).
Title: Targeting the 
Title: Effectiveness of head-mounted virtual reality rehabilitation in individuals with Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Objective Assessment of Facial Expressions in Parkinson's Disease During Deep Brain Stimulation ON and OFF States: A Pilot Study.
Title: The Global Parkinson's Disease Genetics (GP2) Genome Browser.
Title: Integrated Biofluid Proteomics Identified Dynamic Functional Biomarkers of 
Title: 
Title: Striatal (a-)symmetry reveals sex-specific autonomic vulnerabilities in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Fatigue-Inducing Protocols in Parkinson's Disease: Implications for Gait Assessment and Rehabilitation: A Systematic Review.
Title: Advances in therapeutic hybrid neuromodulation for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Re-evaluating Dystonia-Linked Gene Variants in a Large European Parkinson's Disease Cohort.
Title: Impact of Mobility Loss on Independence and Psychosocial Wellbeing in People With Parkinson's Disease and Carers: A Meta-Ethnography.
Title: Single Trajectory-Triple Target-Connectomic DBS for Tremor-Dominant Young-Onset Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The effects of aerobic exercise on quality of life and motor function in patients with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Multimodal brain network topology and enhanced computer-aided diagnosis in Parkinson's Disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Prediction of impulse control disorders in Parkinson's disease through a longitudinal machine learning study.
Title: Explainable SHAP- XGBoost with DAT and clinical data for freezing of gait detection in Parkinson disease.
Title: No evidence for the LRRK2 p.L1795F variant in a Southern Italian cohort with Parkinson's disease.
Title: cGAS-STING activation in Parkinson's Disease: From mechanisms to Disease-Modifying therapeutic strategies.
Title: Quality of life in early-onset Parkinson's disease: A multivariate examination of psychosocial and demographic correlates.
Title: Obstructive sleep apnea, biomarker profiles, and clinical progression in Parkinson's disease: Longitudinal effects of CPAP therapy.
Title: Herba Patriniae with probiotics targets Escherichia fergusonii and the 5-hydroxytryptophan-trimethylamine N-oxide axis in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Extended High-Frequency Hearing Thresholds and Categorical Loudness Scaling in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: USP25 inhibition ameliorates Parkinson's disease by restoring mitophagy.
Title: Differentiating between the impact of sex and gender in Parkinson's disease: utilising these to advance current understanding and care practices.
Title: Targeting Oxidative Stress and Apoptosis with Levothyroxine in Experimental Parkinson's Disease in Rats.
Title: Patient-Reported Communication Decline Following Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Biomechanical Challenges of Olecranon Fractures in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: A Case Analysis of Neuro-Orthopedic Collaborative Intervention Strategies.
Title: Home-based exercise rehabilitation experience for older adult patients with Parkinson's disease and caregivers: a qualitative research.
Title: Clove Essential Oil Enhances Antioxidant Defenses and Reduces DNA Damage in a Cellular Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Research Participation Among American Indian and Alaskan Native Individuals Living With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Genome-Wide Association Studies Data and Transcriptomics Data Link Herpes Simplex Virus 1 Infection and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: EMPOWER-PD: Evaluation of an 8-Week Co-Designed Self-Management Program in People With Parkinson's Disease and Their Caregivers: An Intervention Study With Long-Term Follow-Up.
Title: Neuronal titration of Snca via enhancer disruption mitigates disease onset in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Towards precision functional brain network mapping in Parkinson's disease.
Title: RVG-targeted extracellular vesicles loaded with echinatin attenuate dopaminergic neurodegeneration via the IGF-2/PI3K/Akt pathway in Parkinson's disease mice.
Title: Retinal electrophysiological responses to dopaminergic therapy in treatment naïve Parkinson's disease.
Title: RRx-001 ameliorates astrocyte pyroptosis by regulating LCN2-NLRP3 inflammasome activation in an MPTP-induced parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Voice changes during dual task walking in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cerebral hemodynamics and functional connectivity in the stroop test in Parkinson's disease patients: A machine learning approach to fNIRS features.
Title: Comment on "SGK1 downregulation co-occurs with leukocyte oligomeric α-synuclein accumulation in Parkinson's disease".
Title: Differences in stimulus evoked electroencephalographic entropy reduction distinguishes cognitively normal Parkinson's disease participants from healthy aged-matched controls.
Title: Emphasizing the role of oxidative stress and Sirt-1/Nrf2 and TLR-4/NF-κB in Tamarix aphylla mediated neuroprotective potential in rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease: In silico and in vivo study.
Title: Integrative multi-omics and network-based machine learning for early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Anxiety is associated with increased risk of suicidality in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Longitudinal changes in prospective memory in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impact of a Public Health Policy on Accessibility to Levodopa for People with Parkinson's Disease in Brazil.
Title: Modulation of Non-Rhythmic Temporal Prediction by Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation (STN-DBS) in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Adherence to the Mediterranean and Mediterranean-Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay (MIND) Diets and Parkinson's Disease Incidence in Women: Results from the Prospective E3N Cohort.
Title: Aesculus hippocastanum Extract Exerts Neuroprotective Effects in an MPP
Title: Neural and biomarker correlates of the Parkinson's Disease-Cognitive Rating Scale in Huntington's disease.
Title: Cognition is associated with daily-life mobility in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Corrigendum to "Social experiences of people living with Parkinson's disease in Ireland: A Qualitative Study". [Clin. Parkinsonism Relat. Dis. 13 (2025) 100397].
Title: Effects of a treadmill and oculomotor dual-task intervention vs. -nordic walking on balance in Parkinson's disease patients - a pilot study.
Title: Bioequivalence of Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa continuous subcutaneous infusion to arm, thigh, or flank versus abdomen in healthy and advanced Parkinson's disease individuals.
Title: Exploring gait automaticity and prefrontal brain activity during single and dual-task walking in aging and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluation of the neuroprotective effects of alpha lipoic acid-loaded folate-conjugated chitosan nanoparticles against 6-OHDA-induced apoptosis and oxidative stress in an in vitro Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Effects of STN-DBS treatment on voice characteristics in patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Left Frontal HD-tACS Enhances Prefrontal Theta Activity During Action Verbal Fluency in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease gait rehabilitation at scale: Insights on personalised smartphone-based music cueing.
Title: Integrating simulated and experimental data to identify mitochondrial bioenergetic defects in Parkinson's Disease models.
Title: Consensus expert recommendations for management of dysphagia during hospital admission in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lumbar Lateral Dislocation Fracture With Progressive Worsening of Trunk Tilt in Pisa Syndrome Associated With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effect of deep brain stimulation on motor complications in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Economic value of AI-based MRI triage for Parkinson's disease: a cost-benefit study in South Korea and the United States.
Title: A gut microbiota-based predictive model for the treatment efficacy of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Predicting cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a machine learning approach based on clinical and neuropsychological data.
Title: Differential Effects of Cycling Exercise on Pain Types in Patients with Early Parkinson's Disease: A Subgroup Analysis of a Randomized Pilot Trial.
Title: The Enteric Nervous System as a Mediator of Microbiota-Gut-Brain Interactions in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effect of deep brain stimulation on early-onset Parkinson's disease with mutations in a Han Chinese Mainland population.
Title: Assessment of the effectiveness and safety of virtual reality-based telerehabilitation in improving motor function, balance and gait in patients with Parkinson's disease: a protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Quantitative brain regional relaxometry metrics for early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comparison of clinical features and cerebral glucose metabolism between patients with major depressive disorder and Parkinson's with depression.
Title: Transcranial direct current stimulation exerts neuroprotective effects in Parkinson's disease by restoring Mlst8-mediated autophagic homeostasis.
Title: Exosomal Cargoes Derived from Neural Stem Cell: A New Strategy of Parkinson's Disease Treatment.
Title: How to treat cardiovascular autonomic failure in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease subtypes and their relationship to dementia with Lewy bodies: a comparative neuroimaging analysis based on nigrostriatal degeneration.
Title: Carriers of LRRK2 pathogenic variants show a milder, anatomically distinct brain signature of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Consensus expert recommendations for referral of Parkinson's disease patients for deep brain stimulation surgery.
Title: Biochanin A exerts neuroprotective effects in Parkinson's disease both in vivo and in vitro by improving mitochondrial dysfunction through the Sirt1 signaling pathway.
Title: Association between subthalamic nucleus volume and outcomes one year after bilateral subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of vestibular rehabilitation therapy on balance function and quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Machine learning for automated differentiation of parkinson's disease and its mimics using ¹²³I-mIBG scintigraphy: insights from a multicentre real-world cohort (ITA-mIBG study).
Title: IL-33 Regulates the Phenotypic Transformation of Reactive Astrocytes via PENK-ERK/MAPK Pathway in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effectiveness of Dynamic Noise Monitoring Combined with Staged Nursing Care on Nocturnal Motor Symptoms in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Feasibility and potential effects of mental imagery training on subjective cognitive function and brain connectivity in people with Parkinson's disease: A randomized pilot trial.
Title: Investigations on the effects of SH2B2 on Parkinson's disease based on its in vivo and in vitro neurotoxic model.
Title: Vowel Production Associated with Cantonese Speakers of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Isn't it ironic? Functional iron deficiency at the core of Parkinson's disease pathobiology.
Title: Rapid health technology assessment of six non-ergot dopamine-receptor agonists for the treatment of early Parkinson's disease.
Title: The application of fecal microbiota transplantation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Insights into X-Linked Susceptibility to Parkinson's Disease in the South African Population.
Title: Low-Frequency Adaptive Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: How many do we miss? - Evaluation of age at onset and family history as selection criteria for genetic testing in Parkinson's disease.
Title: From cigarettes to compulsions: a longitudinal study in de novo Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on non-motor functions in individuals with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Biological relationship between Parkinson's disease and gallstone disease.
Title: Diet for the prevention and treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Genetic insights from Parkinson disease in African and African admixed populations.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of ZiYin XiFeng formula against Parkinson's disease via Nrf2/SLC7A11/GPX4-mediated ferroptosis inhibition.
Title: Unraveling the metabolic potential of Moringa oleifera derived metabolites in combating Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease.
Title: A lightweight cerebrospinal fluid biomarker-based model for first-diagnosis prediction of Parkinson's disease: model development, external validation, and local deployment.
Title: Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial of the Impact of Olfactory Training on Cognitive and Emotional Function in Individuals with Parkinson Disease.
Title: Levodopa exerts neuroprotective effects by suppressing microglial proinflammatory activation in a rat hemi-Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Sex differences in depression in Parkinson's disease: cognitive dysfunction and female-specific associations.
Title: Penetration of the Blood-Brain Barrier and Liver for Repairing Motor Disorders in a Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease Using a Nanocopolymer.
Title: NLRP3 facilitates α-synuclein-induced dopaminergic neuronal senescence in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease through SATB1/DNA damage/p21 signaling pathway.
Title: Home-Based Augmented Reality Gait-and-Balance Therapy in Parkinson Disease: An Examination of Exercise Intensity.
Title: Akkermansia muciniphila: A double-edged sword in life-stage-specific nutritional modulation of Parkinson's disease via the gut-brain axis.
Title: The challenges with the identification of Parkinson's disease subtypes.
Title: Autonomic Dysfunction and Risk of Mortality in Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Bilateral Oophorectomy or Hysterectomy with Ovarian Conservation and Risk of Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Transcranial stimulation combined with four rehabilitation therapies for gait and motor function in Parkinson's disease: a network meta-analysis of 23 RCTs.
Title: Early start of opicapone in Parkinson's disease: evidence from a pooled analysis of phase 3 trials for sustained benefit in patients with recent onset of motor fluctuations.
Title: Exploring MAPT-containing H1 and H2 haplotypes in Parkinson's disease across diverse populations.
Title: Shared Gut Microbial and Functional Signatures Linking Parkinson's Disease and Type 2 Diabetes Revealed by Function-Anchored Metagenomics.
Title: Wearable-Sensor-Based Analysis of Aerial Archimedean Spirals for Early Detection of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Microwave Imaging for Parkinson's Disease Detection: A Phantom-Based Feasibility Study Using Temperature-Controlled Dielectric Variations.
Title: Beyond Dysphagia in Parkinson's Disease: 3D Printing of Orally Disintegrating Tablets (ODTs) for Optimized Treatment.
Title: Three-Dimensional Screen Printing Technology Enables Sequential Release of Carbidopa and Levodopa-A New Approach Improving Levodopa Delivery for Treating Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effect of laughter yoga on anxiety and depression in people with Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Comparative evaluation of standardized imaging-guided contact selection for subthalamic deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: study protocol for a randomized double-blind crossover trial.
Title: Early functional network alterations predict motor and cognitive decline in parkinson's disease.
Title: Repurposing dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor for Parkinson's disease prevention: A drug-target Mendelian randomization study.
Title: Epigenetic ageing and the risk of Parkinson's disease.
Title: STEM-PD trial protocol: a multi-centre, single-arm, first-in-human, dose-escalation trial, investigating the safety and tolerability of intraputamenal transplantation of human embryonic stem cell-derived dopaminergic cells for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluating multivariable prediction models for Parkinson's disease prognosis: a scoping review protocol.
Title: Ulva polysaccharide alleviates Parkinson's disease by regulating inflammation, oxidative damage, and gut microbiota.
Title: Clinical Outcomes of Robot-Assisted "Asleep" Deep Brain Stimulation With Microelectrode Recording in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Incretin-based therapy and Parkinson's disease risk among patients with type 2 diabetes: Retrospective cohort study and meta-analysis.
Title: Upper-thoracic predominance and non-vertebral fracture burden in Parkinson's disease: A matched Case-Control study.
Title: An online platform to increase access to gait rehabilitation for underserved Parkinson's disease communities.
Title: Group singing through the lens of polyvagal theory: A pilot study in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Utility of Olfactory Testing to Discriminate Parkinson's Disease From Diagnostic Mimics: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Racial and Ethnic Diversity in Clinical Trials for Disease Modifying Drugs in Parkinson Disease: A Systematic Review & Meta-Analysis.
Title: Feasibility randomized controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to reduce falls in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Interplay of GBA1 with lysosomal dysfunction and inflammation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Hyperthyroidism Can Precipitate Peak-Dose Levodopa-Induced Dyskinesia in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Targeting the NLRP3-NEK7 axis with rebamipide: Drug repurposing in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Speech Biomarkers From Smartphone Calls Track Progression in REM Sleep Behavior Disorder and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Integration of Volumetric, Iron, and Neuromelanin Magnetic Resonance Imaging Measures Effectively Differentiates Parkinson's Disease from Multiple System Atrophy.
Title: Unraveling the Link between Sleep Disturbances and Parkinson's Disease: A Narrative Review.
Title: Targeting Cdc42 improves motor phenotype in Parkinson's disease mice and reveals age-dependent susceptibility to α-synuclein.
Title: Glial cell crosstalk in Parkinson's disease: Mechanisms, implications, and therapeutic strategies.
Title: Vestibular exercise for adjunctive therapy in the management of non-motor functions among Parkinson's patients: A review.
Title: Pilot Clinical Trial of Fecal Microbiota Transplantation for Constipation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Correction: MHCII reduction is insufficient to protect mice from alpha-synuclein-induced degeneration and the Parkinson's HLA locus exhibits epigenetic regulation.
Title: Association of triglyceride glucose-waist to height ratio index with Parkinson's disease and the mediating role of systemic inflammatory response index: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The Role of Glucagon-like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonists in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease: A Literature Review of Clinical Trials.
Title: The Role of miRNAs in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: GLP-1 Signalling as a Therapeutic Avenue in Parkinson's Disease: A Comprehensive Review.
Title: The Effect of Dopaminergic Therapies in Parkinson's Disease on Non-Motor Symptoms.
Title: Aqueous Extract of 
Title: Role of Reactive Astrocytes and Microglia: Wnt/β-Catenin Signaling in Neuroprotection and Repair in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Underlying Mechanisms of GBA1 in Parkinson's Disease and Dementia with Lewy Bodies: Narrative Review.
Title: WES-Based Screening of a Swedish Patient Series with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Multi-Transcriptome-Informed Network Pharmacology Reveals Novel Biomarkers and Therapeutic Candidates for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Exposure-Based Intervention in Virtual Reality to Address Kinesiophobia in Parkinson's Disease: A Narrative Review.
Title: Reliability, Validity, and Optimal Cut-Off Scores of Action Research Arm Test and Jebsen-Taylor Hand Function Test in People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effects of Adapted Physical Activity Programs on Body Composition and Sports Performance in a Patient with Parkinson's Disease: A Case Report.
Title: Constructing Artificial Features with Grammatical Evolution for the Motor Symptoms of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Assessment of [
Title: Correction: Dubljević et al. Genotype-Based Housing as a Potential Confounder in Studies Using Transgenic Mouse Models-Insight from the A53T Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease. 
Title: Comparative Study of Patients with Periodontal and Parkinson's Disease: Clinical and Salivary Aspects.
Title: Short-Chain Fatty Acids Enhance EAAT2-Mediated Glutamate Clearance and Alleviate Oxidative Stress in an MPTP Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Targeting Microglial CD49a Inhibits Neuroinflammation and Demonstrates Therapeutic Potential for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Shikonin alleviates rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease neuroinflammation by targeting PKM2-mediated glycolytic MG-Hs production.
Title: Agricultural Copper Pesticide Exposure and Metabolic Profiles among Parkinson's Disease Cases and Community Controls in California.
Title: Schisanhenol Inhibits MPTP/MPP
Title: Effect of freezing phenomenon on gait parameters and pedobarographic pressure distribution in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Discrepancies between patient and caregiver reports of daily living abilities in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuromodulation in Parkinson's disease with transcranial pulse stimulation: evidence of clinical efficacy and cortical oscillatory changes.
Title: Revisiting the alpha-synuclein paradox in melanoma-Parkinson's disease connection: more than a tale of two cell fates.
Title: Unveiling the Potential of Flavonoids in the Regulation of Parkinson's Disease: Special Focus on Quercetin.
Title: Parkinson's disease physiopathology-beyond the 
Title: Machine learning methods for the detection and prediction of cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Pterostilbene restores mitochondrial retrograde signaling to activate protective stress responses in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between motor symptom severity and urinary dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: a retrospective study.
Title: Faith, fasting, and well-being: Emirates Neurology Society consensus guidelines on safe Ramadan fasting in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Infralimbic Cortex Microglial TREM-1 Mediates Neuroinflammation and Exacerbates Depressive-Like Behaviors in Parkinson's Disease Model Mice.
Title: Targeting oxidative stress and monoamine imbalance: neuroprotective potential of 
Title: Association between inflammatory markers and Parkinson's disease risk: a cross-sectional, propensity score-matched analysis of NHANES data.
Title: Integrative analysis of mRNA and LncRNA profiles from small extracellular vesicles identifies apoptosis-related biomarkers in patients with Parkinson's disease after rehabilitation.
Title: Psychometric Properties of the Korean King's Parkinson's Disease Pain Scale and Its Associations With Clinical Factors and Quality of Life.
Title: Nuclear ASC speck formation in microglia is associated with inflammasome priming and is exacerbated in LRRK2-G2019S Parkinson's disease.
Title: Ultrasound for the assessment of muscle architecture in Parkinson's disease: A scoping review.
Title: Parkinson's research with inclusion, diversity, and equity: exploring the experiences of LGBTQ+ caregivers of people living with Parkinson's disease.
Title: From Awareness to Understanding: A Knowledge-Focused Framework for Parkinson's Disease Communication.
Title: Deciphering the PGC-1α-TFAM Axis in Parkinson's Disease (PD) - A Mechanism Approach Targeting Therapeutics for PD.
Title: Disrupted visual-to-semantic dynamics promote visual hallucinations in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Compliance and Satisfaction for 16 months of Adapted Tango vs. Supervised Walking for People with Parkinson's.
Title: Comments on the article "Mortality rates for Parkinson's disease are increasing in Spain. An age-period-cohort and joinpoint analysis of mortality rates from 1981 to 2020".
Title: Temporal Dynamics and Cross-Sectional and Longitudinal Factors Associated With Motor Reserve and Outcome in Patients With Parkinson Disease.
Title: The Effects of Foam Rolling after Task-Oriented Circuit Training on Gait, Balance, and Range of Motion in Parkinson's Disease: A Randomised Controlled Trial.
Title: Neuropsychiatric Factors Contribute to Heterogeneous Motor Outcomes in Parkinson's Disease after Subthalamic Deep Brain Stimulation.
Title: Upper Limb Exercises Reduce Non-motor Symptoms and Increase Cognitive Function in Parkinson's Disease: Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Non-Pharmacological and Non-Surgical Management of Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review of Clinical Practice Guidelines.
Title: Paeony root prevents 6-hydroxydopamine-induced neurotoxicity by regulating autophagic dysfunction via AKT signaling in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Precision prevention for neurodegenerative diseases: lessons learnt from Alzheimer's disease translated into perspectives for Parkinson's disease.
Title: The impact of non-motor symptoms on physical activity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of PEP-1-PGAM5 via the Attenuation of Oxidative Stress and Apoptosis in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The future of clinical trials? Monitoring mobility as an outcome measure in Parkinson's disease: The mobilise-D study.
Title: Motor response in monogenic LRRK2 parkinson's disease after deep brain stimulation: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Perspectives on digital health and advanced treatment referral in Parkinson's care among Danish neurologists: a mixed methods study.
Title: Machine learning approach to gait analysis for Parkinson's disease detection and severity classification.
Title: Short-term associations between ambient air pollution and emergency department visits for Parkinson disease, multiple sclerosis, migraine, and seizure in California, 2005-2018.
Title: Impact of Electronic Prescribing on Parkinson's Disease Medication Management: A Retrospective Before-and-After Audit at a UK Teaching Hospital.
Title: Monoamine Loss and Functional Connectivity Alterations in Patients With Parkinson's Disease and Depression.
Title: Disease-modifying effect, safety and optimal dose of oral semaglutide tablets for patients with Parkinson's disease (MOST-ABLE study): protocol for a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Title: Molecular and neurochemical underpinnings of altered intrinsic neural timescales in Parkinson's disease: a multimodal imaging and transcriptomics study.
Title: Alterations of functional connectivity between hyperdirect pathway regions and outside regions in Parkinson's disease patients with freezing of gait.
Title: PDWearML: Leveraging Daily Activities for Fast Parkinson's Disease Severity Assessment with Wearable Machine Learning.
Title: Age-Related Differences in the Association between REM Sleep and the Polygenic Risk for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Sex-dependent alterations of salivary microbiome in Parkinson's disease: associations with motor and non-motor clinical phenotypes.
Title: Enhanced Parkinson's disease prediction using LDEFS feature selection and Mamdani fuzzy neural network.
Title: Effect of Home-based Telerehabilitation on Balance, Functional Mobility, and Quality of Life in Persons with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Comprehensive genetic screening of the South African Parkinson's disease study collection using the NeuroBooster array.
Title: Intranasally administered muse cells attenuate neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluating executive functions in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Telepsychotherapy Improves Health-Related Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: [Effect of electroacupuncture on insulin signaling in the substantia nigra of the midbrain in mice with Parkinson's disease].
Title: Memory-guided saccade latency as a potential biomarker for axial symptoms and freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Wirelessly transmitted subthalamic nucleus signals decode endogenous pain levels in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Comparative In silico evaluation of c-Abl inhibitors for Parkinson's disease therapy.
Title: Yawning-related tremor in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Initiating foslevodopa infusion in Parkinson disease: a pragmatic study.
Title: The impact of enlarged perivascular spaces on the association among peripheral inflammation, disease progression and motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Machine Learning Prediction of Rapid Parkinson Disease Progression Using Combined Imaging and Clinical Biomarkers.
Title: Navigation in Virtual Reality Floor Mazes: Added Cognitive Demand and Its Effects on Gait and Balance in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Yoga for Neurodegenerative Disorders: Therapeutic Effects, Mechanisms, and Applications in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Role of Vitamin D in Parkinson's Disease: Evidence from Serum Concentrations, Supplementation, and 
Title: Multi-Omics Analysis Reveals Distinct Lipid Remodelling and Mitochondrial Stress in SH-SY5Y Cells Modelling Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Four New Pairs of MetO-Containing Diketopiperazine Enantiomers: Isolation, Synthesis and Potential Anti-Parkinson's Disease Activity.
Title: Analysis of Clinical Characteristics and Rehabilitation Outcomes in Elderly Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Retrospective Study.
Title: Nuclear Medicine Imaging Biomarkers in Parkinson's Disease: Past, Present, and Future Directions.
Title: New Approaches in the Exploration of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Alpha-Synuclein Neurobiology in Parkinson's Disease: A Comprehensive Review of Its Role, Mechanisms, and Therapeutic Perspectives.
Title: Personalized Auditory Rhythmic Cues to Optimize Gait in Older Adults and People With Parkinson Disease: Corrigendum.
Title: Pathogenic or Likely Pathogenic GRN Variants Are Found in 0.1% of Parkinson's Disease Patients.
Title: The effect of saffron supplementation on indices of oxidative stress, inflammation, mental health, and quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease: a randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Title: Linear predictive coding electroencephalography algorithms predict mortality in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Unraveling Parkinson's disease: The mystery of mitochondria and the role of aging.
Title: Clinical analysis of sarcopenia prevalence and its influencing factors in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: The role of exosomes as oligonucleotide delivery system for managing α-synuclein in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review of 
Title: Modeling and validation in Parkinson's disease patients with frailty.
Title: Automated radiosynthesis and clinical experience of [
Title: Computerized cognitive training vs. care as usual to strengthen cognitive, motor, and (neuro)psychological outcomes in people with advanced Parkinson's disease (TrainParC-Advanced): study protocol of a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Behavior- and Cell Type-Specific Cortico-Striatal Decoupling in a Parkinson's Disease-Like Mouse Model.
Title: Microfluidic platform for understanding Parkinson's disease and α-synuclein conformation.
Title: Sex-dependent immune activation shapes disease progression in a model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Proteasome Dysregulation in Parkinson's Disease: Insights from Blood-Based Analyses.
Title: Cardiovascular exercise enhances motor learning across multiple sessions in people with Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled pilot trial.
Title: Acteoside exerts neuroprotective effects by preventing α-synuclein aggregation and oxidative stress in models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Occupational risk of Parkinson's disease and employment status following hospital admission: secondary analysis of ICOD-R case-control data in Japan.
Title: Disseminated coccidioidomycosis with cutaneous, pulmonary and suspected CNS involvement in an elderly patient with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Relationship between falls and physical activity in daily life of people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association of neurorehabilitation timing with Parkinson's disease development following moderate to severe traumatic brain injury: A retrospective cohort study.
Title: Herbacetin alleviates Parkinson's disease by inhibiting ferroptosis in PC12 cells through the Nrf2/GPX4 pathway.
Title: Speed-dependent changes in shoulder-hip coordination and upper limb variability during gait in older adults with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Global, regional and national burden of Parkinson's disease, 1990-2021: Update from the GBD 2021 study.
Title: Adult neurogenesis dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: Molecular pathology and functional implications.
Title: Letter to the Editor Regarding 'Levodopa Intestinal Gel Infusion Therapies in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A Swedish Study on Real-World Use and Costs'.
Title: Response to "Letter to the Editor" Regarding Odin P, et al. 2025 'Levodopa Intestinal Gel Infusion Therapies in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A Swedish Study on Real-World Use and Costs'.
Title: Synergistic effects of biosynthesized gold nanoparticles with curcumin on motor, inflammatory, and oxidative parameters in a Parkinson's disease model.
Title: A bibliometric analysis of non-coding RNAs in Parkinson disease: Research hotspots and emerging trends (2013-2022).
Title: Disrupting α-Synuclein-ClpP interaction restores mitochondrial function and attenuates neuropathology in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Parkinson's disease-associated alterations in DNA methylation and hydroxymethylation in human brain.
Title: Muscle bursting and corticomotor excitability mark impaired impulse control in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Characterising anticipatory postural adjustments in turning a comparison between older adults and people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Quantitative multi-metabolite imaging of Parkinson's disease using AI boosted molecular MRI.
Title: Association of neurodevelopmental conditions with Alzheimer's disease and related dementias and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Real-Time Model-Free Adaptive Dual Control in Closed-Loop Deep Brain Stimulation: A Path to Individualized Parkinson's Treatment.
Title: Associations of pathologic Parkinson's disease (PD) and co-pathologies with cognitive decline and progression of parkinsonian signs in decedents with subclinical disease.
Title: Neuropathology in genetic Parkinson's disease: a focused review of pathological and clinical findings.
Title: Influence of the level of education on cognitive function in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dichotomous thinking in Parkinson therapy?
Title: Influence of autonomic dysfunction on sleep disturbance in drug-naïve patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effectiveness of Fully Immersive Virtual Reality Rehabilitation for Balance, Motor Function, and Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: DCBLD1 Inhibits the Progression of Parkinson's Disease by Regulating Apoptosis and Autophagy.
Title: A comparative meta-analysis of seven types of exercise-based physical therapy for gait stabilization, fall risk, and postural control in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Synergetic effect of taurine/taurine nanoparticles along with Sinemet® against rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease in mice.
Title: Beyond Accuracy: Enhancing Parkinson's Diagnosis with Uncertainty Quantification of Machine Learning Models.
Title: Nomogram to predict 5-year global cognitive impairment in 
Title: Depletion of CD169
Title: Chronic intermittent hypoxia increases Parkinson's disease susceptibility via PPARα-mediated lipid droplet-mitochondrial dysfunction.
Title: CX3CR1: a potential microglia-specific PET imaging target in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Title: Association between DATSCAN-derived dopaminergic activity and cognitive performance and quality of life in Parkinson's disease: A cross-sectional study.
Title: [Treadmill exercise improves constipation in mice with chronic Parkinson's disease through activating autophagy].
Title: Hearing impairment in Parkinson's disease models: Possible relation with changes in cochlear efferent fibers.
Title: Immune and metabolic signatures characterise constipation-driven endophenotypes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Melatonin orchestrates mitochondrial fusion dynamics-mediated WNT/β-catenin signaling to promote dopaminergic neuronal differentiation of human iPS and nerve regeneration in a MPTP-induced mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: A computer-aided diagnosis system of parkinson's disease based on hilbert spectrum features of speech.
Title: Network-wide morphometric organization deficits and transcriptomic correlates in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait: A morphometric inverse divergence study.
Title: LRRN3 protects dopaminergic neurons by inhibiting glycolysis in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Context-dependent coupling of posture, gait, and functional mobility under cognitive and sensory demands in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Short-term neuropsychiatric outcomes following deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Altered subthalamic alpha-beta oscillations in PRKN-associated early onset Parkinson's disease in relation to off-dystonia.
Title: Gene therapy for Parkinson's disease-Ample room for optimism.
Title: Computer Vision Analysis for Objective Motor Assessment in Parkinson's Disease: A Retrospective Study.
Title: Cognitive-Motor Conflict During Step Initiation: Neural and Biomechanical Insights Into Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effects of inspiratory muscle training on oxygen consumption, muscle oxygen, and physical activity levels in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Age-related nigral downregulation of the Parkinson's risk factor FAM49B primes human microglia for inflammaging.
Title: Ezetimibe mitigates microglial activation in Parkinson's disease via TLR4/JNK pathway inhibition: evidence from network pharmacology and experimental validation.
Title: Transcranial temporal interference stimulation of the globus pallidus internus ameliorates gait variability in early- to mid-stage Parkinson's disease: A pilot study.
Title: Preferred tempo influence on learning transfer from perceptual to stepping timing in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Tremor in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Protocol for evaluating the effects of tDCS and tACS on brain oscillations and motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Nursing consultation protocol for supported self-care for people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Untreated Sleep Apnea May Elevate Parkinson Disease Risk.
Title: Common features in the gut microbiota of underweight and overweight individuals and patients with Parkinson's disease - a mini-review.
Title: Kynurenine Pathway Dysregulation in Parkinson's Disease: Insights for Disease Modulation and Therapy.
Title: Abnormal subthalamic nucleus functional connectivity and machine learning classification in Parkinson's disease: a multisite functional magnetic resonance imaging study.
Title: Correction: Peak alpha frequency and alpha power spectral density as vulnerability markers of cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: an exploratory EEG study.
Title: Treatment strategies for motor fluctuations in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review of efficacy, functionality, and drug accessibility with a focus on Latin America.
Title: Role of the PSMC1 gene in the pathological progression of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Thalamic metabolite changes after subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: an exploratory magnetic resonance spectroscopy study.
Title: Telerehabilitation for Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis based on randomized controlled trials.
Title: The impaired hemodynamics of choroid plexus and its interactions within the glymphatic system in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The genetic architecture of Parkinson's disease on the Island of Crete.
Title: Inherent variability limits clinical utility of reproducible Parkinson's transcriptomics signatures.
Title: SGK1 downregulation co-occurs with leukocyte oligomeric α-synuclein accumulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Subthalamic versus Posterior Subthalamic Stimulation for Optimal Tremor Control in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Nonlinear dynamics and synchronization transitions underlying beta oscillations in striatal neurons for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease: Unique Features and Management Approaches.
Title: Unfolding Sequence-Specific Enigma in Monomeric α-Synuclein: Implications for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Rational Construction of a Lipid Droplet-Targeted Redox-Responsive Ratiometric Probe for Screening of Antioxidant Drugs and Its Application in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Prodromal Peripheral Immune Cell Profile in Drug-Induced Parkinsonism Relative to Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Functional Connectivity in the Sensory Olfactory Subnetwork in REM Sleep Behavior Disorder and Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Study.
Title: Correlation between cerebral small vessel disease and postural instability/gait difficulty subtype in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Brain functional activity of Parkinson's disease patients under a virtual reality eye movement task: a functional near-infrared spectroscopy study.
Title: Association of Peripheral Blood Neutrophil-Lymphocyte Ratio With Motor and Cognitive Function in Prodromal Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effects of Lee Silverman Voice Treatment
Title: Distinct serum micronutrient metabolic profiles in Parkinson's disease patients with diabetes mellitus: associations with motor and non-motor symptoms.
Title: Deep brain stimulation targeting the subthalamic nucleus versus the globus pallidus internus for tremor control in parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta analysis.
Title: Cortical dynamics and network alterations in Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment: TMS-EEG study of the posterior parietal cortex.
Title: Alternate-day fasting ameliorates α-synuclein pathology and suppresses inflammation via the gut-brain axis in an MPTP-induced subacute mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cognitive function in different motor subtypes of Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and multilevel meta-analysis.
Title: Enhancing Parkinson's Disease Detection by Combining SMOTE and Feature Selection for Improved Machine Learning Classification Using Voice Recordings.
Title: GPNMB, LRRK2, and lysosome exocytosis in Parkinson's.
Title: Systematic Characterization of LUHMES Cell-Based Parkinson's Disease Models Reveals Potential Novel Drug Targets.
Title: Interplay between lipid droplets and alpha-synuclein: implication in Parkinson's disease pathogenesis.
Title: Neuroinflammatory Mechanisms and Vocalization Biomarkers in the 
Title: Alterations in gut microbiota and plasma metabolites: a multi-omics study of mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effectiveness and safety of magnetic resonance-guided unilateral focused ultrasound subthalamotomy for Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.
Title: Impact of aging on the central and enteric nervous system in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Decoding the therapeutic potential mechanism of 
Title: Speech and language outcome measures in clinical trials of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Title: Noisy galvanic vestibular stimulation and static balance in parkinson's disease: a multimodal resting‑state fMRI feasibility study.
Title: Enteric glia, neuropeptides, and Parkinson's: impacts of calcitonin gene-related peptide on gut alpha synuclein.
Title: Development of sublingual films and electrospun nanofibers of pramipexole for the immediate relief of dyskinesias in Parkinson's disease.
Title: ZLN005 Alleviates the Dopaminergic Degeneration via PGC-1α-Mediated Mitochondrial Homeostasis in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Analysis of AQP4 SNPs and Their Association With REM Sleep Behavior Disorder and Hallucinations in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Alterations of Gut Microbiota and Microbial Metabolites in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Balance confidence, kinesiophobia, and related factors in parkinson's disease: a controlled study.
Title: Author Response to Comment on "Neuropsychological Tests of Memory, Visuospatial, and Language Function in Parkinson's Disease: Review, Critique, and Recommendations".
Title: Comment on "Neuropsychological Tests of Memory, Visuospatial, and Language Function in Parkinson's Disease: Review, Critique, and Recommendations".
Title: Autologous Peripheral Nerve Tissue Grafts Implanted into the Nucleus Basalis of Meynert and Substantia Nigra at the Time of Bilateral Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson Disease: A Report of 2 Cases.
Title: Sleep disorders in Parkinson's disease: evaluating pharmacological treatments through systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation Modulates Auditory Steady State Responses in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Pill retention in Parkinson's disease presenting as a soft tissue mass.
Title: Investigating the therapeutic mechanisms of dental pulp stem cells in Parkinson's disease: A bioinformatics-based multi-omics analysis.
Title: A mixed-methods study to explore the modifiable aspects of treatment burden in Parkinson's disease and develop recommendations for improvement.
Title: Breath-Holding Maneuvers and Airway Closure in Healthy Adults and Parkinson's Disease: Effects of Maneuver Type, Health Status, and Vocal Fold Bowing.
Title: Assessing Gastrointestinal Motility in Caenorhabditis elegans RAC1/CED-10 Mutants as a Tool to Study Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Physical Exercise and Survival in Parkinson's Disease: A Cohort Study.
Title: Abnormal Large-Scale Dynamic Brain Networks in Parkinson's Disease With Cognitive Impairment: Insights From EEG Co-Activation Patterns.
Title: Investigating the Effectiveness of Haptic Resistive Force Feedback to Improve Tremors in Parkinson's Disease: A Training Impact Study.
Title: Unraveling the potential of gasotransmitters as neurogenic and neuroprotective molecules: focus on Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Title: Cross-domain Fisher criterion for remote therapeutic efficacy assessment of Parkinson's disease via speech recognition.
Title: Editorial: Advancing personalized diagnosis and treatment in Parkinson's disease: integrating biomarkers, neuroimaging, and artificial intelligence.
Title: Parkinson's Disease: The Epidemiology, Risk Factors, Molecular Pathogenesis, Prevention, and Therapy.
Title: Validation of an aspiration risk prediction model for Parkinson's disease based on nomogram: a single-center study.
Title: The left DTI-ALPS index: a potential glymphatic mediator of cognitive and motor dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Development and emerging trends in gastrointestinal dysfunction of Parkinson's disease: a decade-long bibliometric analysis.
Title: Effects of inspiratory muscle training on upper and lower extremity functional exercise capacity, muscle oxygen, and cough strength in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Self-perceived life course sleep duration trajectories and risk and age at onset of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Galectin-9 activates microglial asparagine endopeptidase and promotes α-synuclein pathology in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Bioenergetic and protein processing imbalances in iPSC-dopamine neurons from individuals with idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Glymphatic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: Aging-associated impairments, imaging biomarkers, and therapeutic strategies.
Title: Plasma microRNA predict cognitive decline in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Identifying the biomarkers associated with G protein-coupled receptors of parkinson's disease.
Title: Dairy-rich diet triggers hepatic α-synuclein pathology via the liver-brain axis in GBA1-related Parkinson's disease.
Title: Deep learning-enabled accurate assessment of gait impairments in Parkinson's disease using smartphone videos.
Title: Optogenetic-induced α-synuclein accumulation reveals early synaptic dysfunction in experimental models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Creatine-weighted imaging in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: The impact of loneliness on balance learning ability in aging patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Revisiting the 2015 MDS diagnostic criteria for Parkinson disease: insights from autopsy-confirmed cases.
Title: Engineered extracellular vesicles-mediated curcumin delivery in brain microenvironment modulating lysosomes, mitochondria, and microglia reprogram for parkinson's disease therapy.
Title: Voice Outcomes of Clear Speech Cueing in Individuals With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: "DPP- 4 inhibitor alleviates gut-brain axis Parkinson's disease pathology" - can dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitors be repurposed as disease-modifying drugs for body-first Parkinson's disease patients?
Title: Resistant starch improves Parkinson's disease symptoms through restructuring of the gut microbiome and modulating inflammation.
Title: Unravelling the role of the microbiome in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The role of the exposome in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Azathioprine for the treatment of early Parkinson's disease (AZA-PD): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, proof-of-concept, phase 2 trial.
Title: Exploring immunomodulation with azathioprine in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The gut microbiome, systemic inflammation, and autoimmunity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A neuroprotective effect of newly isolated probiotic bacterium Lactobacillus acidophilus SLAM_LAA02 in a rotenone-induced mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Inter-effort recovery hypoxia did not mitigate acute treadmill effects in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Stem cells strike back: advancements in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease treatment and modeling efforts from 2019 to 2024.
Title: Correlation between right vagus nerve cross-sectional area and abnormal heart rate with deep breathing in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Yi Jin Jing Exercise Program Improves in Cognition, Sleep and Functional Mobility for Mild and Moderate Parkinson 's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Cognitive profiles at presentation and subsequent cognitive decline and quality of life in Parkinson's disease.
Title: LRRK2 as a Potential Disease-Modifying Target in Sporadic Parkinson's Disease.
Title: MDS PD e-Diary: A New Patient-Centered Digital Tool in Development for People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Tracking Motor Progression and Device-Aided Therapy Eligibility in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: It Is Personal: What People with Parkinson's Disease Say Matters Most for Quality of Life.
Title: Treatment Variability in Parkinson's Disease: Methodological Challenges and Future Directions.
Title: Olfactory Dysfunction and/or RBD for Mapping Parkinson's Disease Subtypes?
Title: Optogenetic regulation of chloride ions in reactive astrocytes may mitigate Parkinson's disease pathology.
Title: Inter-segmental coordination patterns in Parkinson's disease are particularly disturbed during preferred walking speed: a data-driven network approach.
Title: Impulse control disorders and dopamine receptor agonism in Parkinson's disease patients: Clinical implications.
Title: Novel PREP ligand, HUP-46, ameliorates behavioral deficits in an alpha-synuclein based Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Transcriptomic analysis of plasma small extracellular vesicles identifies potential diagnostic biomarkers for Parkinson's disease dementia.
Title: Assessment of SLC25A46 variants in idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Title: 3D Bioprinting cell-laden bioinks for engineering neural tissues and potential models for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Plasma pTau217 and Neurofilament Light Chain as Differentiative Markers for Progressive Supranuclear Palsy From Parkinson Disease.
Title: A small-scale study on dancing for people living with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Safety and feasibility of implementing gym-based strength training for people with early onset Parkinson's disease: a phase 1 trial.
Title: A One-Step Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease Combining rAAV-α-Synuclein and Preformed Fibrils of α-Synuclein.
Title: Absence of the 
Title: Explainable 3D CNNs link regional and network level disruption in early Parkinson's MRIs to symptom progression.
Title: 20 Hz beta stimulation of the subthalamic nucleus improves response inhibition in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Spatiotemporal nigrostriatal iron accumulation in motor subtypes of Parkinson's disease: from early to late stage.
Title: From pathogenesis to treatment: the emerging role of ferroptosis in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A multimodal MRI framework employing machine learning for detecting beginning cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Case Report: Deep cervical lymphovenous bypass for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Recent advances in therapeutic strategies for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease using protein/peptide co-modified polymer nanoparticles.
Title: SERPINA1 activation by RUNX1 drives microglial M2 polarization and reduces neuronal injury in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Cross-species validation of a 6-miRNA blood signature for Parkinson's disease: from MPTP mice to human PBMC and serum exosomes.
Title: Complementary therapies intervention in Parkinson's disease: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Videonystagmography features and clinical symptoms correlate with Parkinson's clinical subtypes.
Title: The pesticide chlorpyrifos increases the risk of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Bridging the gap in Parkinson's disease research: from general pathophysiology to advanced 3d cell culture models.
Title: A novel cryptographic framework and mathematical modeling for secure transmission of Parkinson's disease data using RSA and block-based secret sharing.
Title: Dynamic context-aware multi-modal deep learning for longitudinal prediction of Parkinson's disease progression.
Title: Lack of functional STING modulates immunity but does not protect dopaminergic neurons in the alpha-synuclein pre-formed fibrils Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Metabolomic profiles of depression in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a practical approach.
Title: Genetic predispositions and nutritional strategies: a review of nutrigenomics in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Identification and mechanistic exploration of a mono-carbonyl analog A1 of dietary curcumin as a potent Nrf2-dependent neuroprotective agent within a cellular model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Sleep disordered breathing in Parkinson's disease: Assessing the relevance of REM behavior sleep disorder and hypoxic burden.
Title: PRMT5 Aggravates Parkinson's Disease Progression Through the Inhibition of Neuronal Autophagy Through DKK1.
Title: Hypokinetic Dysarthria in Parkinson's Disease: Assessment and Treatment Practices Among Algerian Speech-Language Therapists.
Title: Prevalence of Psychosis Spectrum Symptoms, Association with Quality of Life and Caregiver Burden in Yoruba Nigerians with Parkinson's Disease: A Matched Case Control Study.
Title: Disparities in access to treatment in relation to quality of life in people diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in the South African healthcare setting.
Title: A Qualitative Approach to Extract Diagnostic Patterns of Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Digoxin-induced ventricular fibrillation in undiagnosed Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome: a clinical reminder - a letter to the editor.
Title: Gut-brain axis and Parkinson's disease: navigating the microbial enigma.
Title: Multimodal MRI reveals distinct hippocampal subregional alterations in 
Title: VPS35 D620N mutation impairs neurogenesis and promotes ferroptosis in Parkinson's disease by using molecular docking, molecular dynamic simulation, and cellular model.
Title: The Effects of Table Tennis on Motor Function and Cognitive Performance in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Lack of association between G6PD variants and Parkinson disease.
Title: Association of Preoperative Linear MRI Measures with Domain-Specific Cognitive Change After Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Results of a 12-Month Open-Label Follow-Up Study with MRI Monitoring of Patients with Parkinson's Disease After MRI-Guided FUS.
Title: AI-Driven Analysis of Wrist-Worn Sensor Data for Monitoring Individual Treatment Response and Optimizing Levodopa Dosing in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: EEG Sensor-Based Parkinson's Disease Detection Using a Multi-Domain Feature Fusion Network.
Title: Deriving Motor States and Mobility Metrics from Gamified Augmented Reality Rehabilitation Exercises in People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cell-Free DNA and Mitochondria in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Proteomic Exploration of L1CAM
Title: Exploring the Multifaceted Neuroprotective Mechanisms of Bovine Lactoferrin in a Cell Culture Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Plasma expression levels of microRNA-101 are downregulated in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Microglia in the crosstalk between peripheral and central nervous systems in Parkinson's disease.
Title: ParkMAE: a cross-linguistic masked autoencoder framework for robust Parkinson's disease detection from speech.
Title: JNK3 quantification in plasma: a novel biomarker for neuronal damage in Parkinson's disease.
Title: OCT-based retinal biomarkers forecast central nervous system structural decline in Parkinson's disease: A longitudinal multimodal study within the Persian Cohort.
Title: Longitudinal brain morphometry in Parkinson's disease clinical subtypes: Distinct signatures forecast behavioral change within subtypes.
Title: Letter to the Editor: Evidence of central autonomic dysfunction in orthostatic hypotension of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Echocardiographic insights into cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Characteristics and Correlates of Mirror Movements in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Antioxidant Depletion in Asphyxiated Neonates, Neuropsychiatric Burden in Parkinson's Disease, and Public Health Vulnerabilities: The Need for Proactive Healthcare Delivery.
Title: Fracture incidence and osteoporosis treatment in Parkinson's disease: a population-based cohort study.
Title: Small sample learning classifies Parkinson's disease patients based on their walking behavior.
Title: Thermoregulatory Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanisms, Implications, and Therapeutic Perspectives.
Title: [Self-limiting loss of consciousness in Parkinson's disease].
Title: Cerebral microstructural alteration patterns in motor subtypes of Parkinson's disease: a neurite orientation dispersion and density imaging study.
Title: Long-term multicomponent exercise enhances functional mobility in early-stage Parkinson's disease: a 48-month retrospective cohort study.
Title: Quantification of Neuromelanin as a Neuroimaging Biomarker for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cognitive alterations related to driving performance in Parkinson's disease detected by a driving simulator.
Title: Innovative approach in Parkinson's targeting via berberine-loaded mucoadhesive surface-modified liposomes: a multi-faceted study.
Title: Brain-derived extracellular vesicle proteomics reveals neuroprotection induced by the ARB candesartan in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: No evidence for genetic role of the tumor necrosis factor pathway in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Medication Knowledge of Patients with Parkinson's Disease: Strengths and Gaps.
Title: Microbiota-brain interaction: The role of gut-derived proteins in addressing various neurological disorders including Parkinson's (PD) and Alzheimer's diseases (AD).
Title: The role of electrode placement in subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation for improving gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Reducing caregiver burden in advanced Parkinson's disease through targeted training: A longitudinal study with dose-response modeling.
Title: Programmed Cell Death and Its Therapeutic Implications in Parkinson's Disease: A Review of Apoptosis, Autophagy, Ferroptosis, and Necroptosis.
Title: Impact of rapid-eye-movement sleep behavior disorder on propofol anesthesia depth monitoring in parkinson's disease.
Title: The Impact of Parkinson's Disease Psychosis on Caregiver Burden: A Systematic Literature Review.
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of Shiliuwei Kangchanzhijing Capsules in Rotenone-Induced Parkinson's Disease Mouse Model: Involvement of the Parkin/PP2A/α-Syn Pathway.
Title: Ophthalmic symptoms as biomarkers for prodromal and early Parkinson's disease: a scoping review.
Title: Da-Bu-Yin-Wan and Qian-Zheng-San Alleviate Parkinson's Disease by Activating the Keap1/Nrf2/HO-1 Pathway to Positively Regulate Oxidative Stress.
Title: [Repeated unilateral FUS thalamotomy in patients with tremor-dominant forms of Parkinson's disease].
Title: [Fear of falling in patients with Parkinson's disease].
Title: [Auditory dysfunction in Parkinson's disease].
Title: Depression preceding and following the diagnosis of Parkinson's disease and Lewy body dementia.
Title: Lessons Learned From a Delayed-Start Trial of Modafinil for Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Changing chronomics of clock, immune and Parkinson's disease-associated genes in SCN and SN with aging in male Wistar rats: ketogenic diet intervention.
Title: Modest improvement of metabolic and behavioral deficits with long-term ambroxol treatment in a Pink1
Title: Brain age gap as predictor of disease progression in Parkinson's disease.
Title: α-Synuclein signatures mark Parkinson disease subtypes.
Title: Backtracking α-synuclein pathology: social deficits precede motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Classifying the risk of cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease using serum bile acid profiles and machine learning.
Title: Profiling the Braak progression in Parkinson's disease: a transcriptomics and ML driven identification of progressive biomarker and prognostic ceRNA signature.
Title: Inhibition of CXCR2 improves motor coordination through attenuating white matter lesions in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Cortico-Pallidal Beta Dynamics Underlie Impaired Turning in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Medicine-food homology bioactives in Parkinson's disease: multi-target oxidative-stress modulation and translation to dietary supplements.
Title: Decision tree-based approach to robust Parkinson's disease subtyping using clinical data of the Michael J. Fox Foundation LRRK2 cross-sectional study.
Title: Linking Cortical Morphology and Neurophysiological Dynamics in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: GLP-1 receptor agonists in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease: endocrine pathways, clinical evidence, and future directions.
Title: Animal fluency in people with Parkinson's disease: Item-based performance before and after deep brain stimulation surgery.
Title: Preventing Neurons and Glial Cells Destruction in Substantia Nigra Pars Compacta and Striatum Using St. John's Wort and Stem Cells on Parkinson's Model.
Title: Local field potentials survey to guide DBS programming in Parkinson's disease: a clinical-neurophysiological longitudinal study.
Title: Nanoparticle-based strategies for overcoming the blood-brain barrier in CNS disorders and brain cancer: precision diagnostics and therapeutics for Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, multiple sclerosis, and glioblastoma.
Title: Dysregulated metabolism of ceramides and glycosphingolipids in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Therapeutic potential of phenolic-rich crude extract from Syzygium cumini (L.) Skeels leaves for Parkinson's disease: Evidence based on integrated experimental and molecular docking studies.
Title: Differential changes of Social Cognition According to cognitive State and Evolution in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: High-dose carbidopa achieves sustained levodopa pharmacokinetics and efficacy in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Longitudinal insights from iron accumulation in motor system of prodromal and clinical Parkinson's disease.
Title: Foot placement coordination is impaired in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cilazapril and benazepril mitigate neurodegeneration and α-synuclein accumulation in a cellular model of parkinson's disease.
Title: Non-motor symptoms as critical predictors of quality of life in Parkinson's disease: a machine learning approach.
Title: Parkinson's disease in transition: Genetics, biomarkers, and emerging therapeutics.
Title: More insights into disruption and decoupling of individual metabolic connectomes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Gait analysis and prediction in Parkinson's disease using rhythmic auditory stimulation: A data-driven approach with machine learning models.
Title: Development of benztropine-based DAT blockers for Parkinson's disease interventions: A biologic and synthetic overview.
Title: Statistical, multi-scale and attention-based layer pooling of Wav2Vec-2 speech embeddings for Parkinson's disease detection.
Title: Plasticity-Induced Motor Recovery of Bilateral Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled, Crossover Trial.
Title: The role of the gut microbiome in the progression of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review of patient cohorts.
Title: From clutter to confidence: home environmental triggers and adaptive solutions for freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease.
Title: UBC9 mediates mitophagy to attenuate oxidative stress by regulating SUMOylation of PINK1 in the Parkinson's disease progression.
Title: Cortical Sulcal Depth Alterations in Parkinson's Disease Patients With Levodopa-Induced Dyskinesia.
Title: Effects and Mechanisms of Melatonin Receptor Agonist and Antagonist on Disease Progression in a 6-OHDA-Induced Parkinson's Disease Rat Model.
Title: Serum LncRNA XIST and miR-133b as non-invasive biomarkers for diagnosis and progression of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Loss of Parkinson Disease Protein 7 (PARK7) upregulates ROS and cell migration and is associated with recurrent pregnancy loss.
Title: Supplementation with short-chain fatty acids and a prebiotic improves clinical outcome in Parkinson's disease: a randomized double-blind prospective study.
Title: Convolutional neural networks-based early Parkinson's disease classification using cycling data from a steerable indoor bicycle.
Title: Longitudinal assessment of DNA repair signature trajectory in prodromal versus established Parkinson's disease.
Title: Preserved white matter integrity is a promising indicator of cognitive resilience in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between cognitive adverse effects of anticholinergic medication and development of dementia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Distinct cortical morphometric inverse divergence changes in Parkinson's disease correlate with transcriptional expression patterns.
Title: The effect of beta-neurofeedback on beta-bursts in Parkinson's disease patients as evidenced through deep brain recordings.
Title: Clinical, Biological, and Functional Connectivity Profile of Patients With De Novo Parkinson Disease Who Are 
Title: Language Competence in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review of 20 Years of Research.
Title: Influenza Immunization at Midlife and the Risk of Parkinson Disease.
Title: Olfactory-to-Entorhinal Network Dysrhythmias Drive Parkinson's Cognitive Impairment Through Frequency-Specific Oscillatory Decoupling.
Title: Toward Personalized Medicine in Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review of Biomarkers, Genetics, and Treatment Stratification.
Title: A Comparison of Short and Long-Term Acting Dopamine Agonists in the Treatment of Parkinson's Disease with Respect to the Side Effects of Impulse Control Disorder.
Title: Efficacy of acupuncture for motor dysfunction in early Parkinson's disease: protocol for a randomized, single-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial.
Title: Computational analysis of transcriptome data and mapping of functional networks in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Vitamin D-linked vulnerability and functional connectivity alterations in the superior frontal gyrus contributing to cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Levodopa/carbidopa/entacapone versus levodopa/benserazide plus pramipexole in Chinese patients with Parkinson's disease experiencing wearing off.
Title: Narrative Review: Gut Microbiota and Its Impact on α-syn Function in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dancing through time: Cognitive changes over six years of community dance in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Delayed Disease Onset Report in UK Biobank: Implications for Prodromal Studies in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Brain Imaging Changes Following Deep Brain Stimulation Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Literature Review.
Title: Subitem-level multi-scale assessment and machine learning for three-class cognitive status classification in Parkinson's disease.
Title: AXIN1 Polymorphisms Potentially Modulate Parkinson's Disease Susceptibility: A Cross-Sectional Study in Northern Han Chinese and White Populations.
Title: Correction: Impact of image preprocessing methods on MRI radiomics feature variability and classification performance in Parkinson's disease motor subtype analysis.
Title: Protective or Pathogenic? Kinase activity and the neurodevelopmental origins of G2019S LRRK2-Associated Parkinson's disease.
Title: Usefulness of the trunk impairment scale in predicting fall risk in people with parkinson's disease.
Title: Cognitive Flexibility is Critical for Postural Control in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Artificial Intelligence for Detection of Parkinson's Disease From Speech Signals-A Comprehensive Review.
Title: Effects of Deep Brain Stimulation and Botulinum Toxin to Manage Pisa Syndrome in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Exploring the Facilitators and Barriers of Adherence to Mediterranean-Ketogenic Dietary Interventions in Parkinson's Disease: A Qualitative Study.
Title: Patient-Reported Outcomes of Rotigotine in Parkinson's Disease: Real-World Evidence on Symptom Control and Quality of Life From China.
Title: Transient Perioperative Aggressive Behavior during Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Bilateral Deep Brain Stimulation of the Subthalamic Nucleus or Globus Pallidus Internus Improves Gait Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cardiolipin and mitochondrial membrane integrity in neurodegeneration: insights from α-synuclein-driven Parkinson's disease.
Title: Characteristics and mechanisms of cognitive impairment in Parkinson disease.
Title: Whole-exome sequencing and burden analysis identify six novel candidate risk genes and expand the genetic landscape of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Erratum: Spencer et al., "Beclin 1 Gene Transfer Activates Autophagy and Ameliorates the Neurodegenerative Pathology in α-Synuclein Models of Parkinson's and Lewy Body Diseases".
Title: Oxeiptosis in Parkinson's disease: Unraveling the KEAP1/PGAM5/AIFM1 Axis and its role in pathophysiology and therapeutics.
Title: Type 3 resistant starch from Canna edulis improves Parkinson's symptoms, including behavioral function and nerve damage, in Parkinson's model rats by regulating the gut-brain axis.
Title: Individualized functional connectivity markers for motor and mood symptoms of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impact of best practice advisory on reducing contraindicated medications in hospitalized patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Combining automated mechanical peripheral stimulation and treadmill exercise for gait rehabilitation in Parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: State-dependent modulation of spiny projection neurons controls levodopa-induced dyskinesia in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: A Deep Learning approach for Depressive Symptoms assessment in Parkinson's disease patients using facial videos.
Title: Validation of a smartphone-based tremor measurement tool for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multimodal Generative Modeling for DaT Scan Reconstruction in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Wrist Accelerometry-based Digital Assessment of Slowness of Movement in Parkinson's Disease: a Multi-Cohort Analysis.
Title: Assessing digital crutch-assisted walking in people with Parkinson's Disease: an exploratory study.
Title: Using Intraoperative Microelectrode Recordings to Predict Improvement in Bradykinesia for Parkinson's Disease Patients.
Title: Modeling the Varied Expression of the Triad of Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A Machine Learning Framework for Parkinson's Disease Detection Through Turning Metrics.
Title: Wi-Fi Channel-State-Information-Based Clustering of Freezing-of-Gait Episodes Caused by Parkinson's Disease Using Short-Time Autocorrelation Time-Series Features.
Title: A Wearable Neuromonitoring Platform to Map Motor and Neural Biomarkers of Gait Dysfunction in People with Parkinson's Disease across Daily Life.
Title: Developing Objective Motor Dysfunction Measures in Parkinson's Disease through Model Simulations.
Title: Exploring Parkinson's Disease Datasets: Key Findings, Challenges, and Recommendations for Motor Symptom Analysis.
Title: Transformer Neural Network for Estimating Tremor Severity in Parkinson's Disease During Daily Living Activities.
Title: Multimodal AI model for Detecting Parkinson's Disease based on Nocturnal Multichannel Physiological Signals.
Title: Submovement Characteristics are Related to the Presence of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Wearable Technology for Early Parkinson's Disease Biomarker Identification - A Cross-Sectional Controlled Trial Protocol.
Title: WEARnCARE, a decision support system to enhance monitoring of motor performance in Parkinson's disease patient's journey
Title: Self-supervised Contrastive Learning to Monitor Free-Body Movement Daily Activities of Parkinson's Disease Patients Using a Single Wrist Sensor.
Title: Automatic classification of idiopathic Parkinson's disease using kinematic data of motion capture systems.
Title: GaitSense: A Wearable Device to Quantify Gait Health and offer Markers on Freezing of Gait Episodes of Individuals with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Unveiling Predictors of Parkinson's Disease Progression: A Machine Learning Approach with Questionnaire and Wearable Device Data.
Title: Sleep Spindle Detection with Soft Dry Electrodes: Toward Clinical and Home-Based Monitoring in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Optimized EEG and fMRI Biomarker Fusion Using Federated Learning for Parkinson's Disease Diagnosis.
Title: Predicting Improvement in Parkinson's Disease Patients using Location of Stimulation.
Title: Urologic Symptom Management in Parkinson's Disease - Current Treatments and Emerging Directions - Systematic Review.
Title: The Parkinson's Universe: A person-centered care model for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Documented End-of-Life Preferences of People With Parkinson's Disease or Parkinsonism Across Europe.
Title: Evaluation of Hemodynamic and Blood Oxygen Metabolism Alterations in Parkinson's Disease Using Quantitative MRI.
Title: Characteristics of pain symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lattice-shaped catheter ablation for a right lateral pathway in Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.
Title: Scalable Human Cellular Models of Parkinson's Disease Reveal A Druggable Link Between the Angiotensin Receptor 1 and α-Synuclein Pathology.
Title: NAD
Title: Alpinetin Targets Mitophagy Pathways to Mitigate Parkinson's Disease Progression.
Title: Investigate the differences in executive functions and behavioral baseline indicators of Parkinson's disease model mice based on the five - choice serial reaction time task.
Title: TMEM175, SCARB2 and CTSB associations with Parkinson's disease risk across populations.
Title: ALDH2 protects against dopaminergic neuronal cell ferroptosis by enhancing the enzyme activity of PRDX6 in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Advancing Parkinson's Care and Patient Safety Through CMS's Age-Friendly Hospital Measure.
Title: Levodopa differentially modulates spectral features in cerebellum and basal ganglia in a rodent model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Factors impacting caregiver burden in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: High fear-of-falling in Parkinson's disease: Distinct clinical phenotypes with motor and non-motor dominance.
Title: Respiratory-Swallowing Phase Pattern and Swallowing Impairment in Individuals With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: ceRNA regulatory network and immune-neurodegenerative mechanisms of peripheral CD4+ T cells in parkinson's disease.
Title: Long-read sequencing identifies FGF14 repeat expansions in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dynamic redox monitoring in differentiated human neuroblastoma models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dysregulated circRNA-miRNA-mRNA networks reveal stage-specific mRNA expression changes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Smartphone-based prediction of dopaminergic deficit in prodromal and manifest Parkinson's disease.
Title: Patient Perceptions on a Wearable Sensor Technology for Swallowing: A Qualitative Study with Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Quantification of cerebrospinal fluid α-synuclein seeds by endpoint dilution seed amplification assay in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The relationship between neuropsychiatric dimensions and markers of Parkinson's disease risk in the UK Biobank.
Title: A nanoMIP sensor for real-time in vivo monitoring of levodopa pharmacokinetics in precision Parkinson's therapy.
Title: Automated ladder rung test for evaluating motor coordination in Parkinson's disease mouse models.
Title: Parkinson's disease diagnostic support based on voxel fusion of resting BOLD signals and DTI features using multimodal pretraining.
Title: A traditional Chinese formula-Lingjiao Gouteng decoction protects dopaminergic neurons from Parkinson's disease via systematic modulation of phospholipid redox metabolism.
Title: Cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers for diagnosis of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: GeneReviews
Title: Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa in Younger Patients Earlier Within Advanced Parkinson's Disease: Post Hoc Analysis of a Randomized Trial.
Title: Deciphering Ferroptosis-Related Astrocyte Subpopulations and Diagnostic Biomarkers in Parkinson's Disease through RNA Transcriptomics.
Title: Adaptive and terminal endoplasmic reticulum stress genes methylation levels in Parkinson patients' peripheral blood.
Title: [The application of Lee Silverman voice treatment in Parkinson's disease].
Title: Butyrate-Modified Hyaluronic Acid Ameliorates MPTP-Induced Parkinson's Disease via Modulating PINK1/Parkin-Involved Mitophagy and Intestinal Flora.
Title: Effects of glucocerebrosidase gene variations on the risk of Parkinson's disease dementia: a meta-analysis.
Title: Dopamine-mediated improvements of the step threshold task in Parkinson's disease: validation against clinical measures of motor and cognitive function.
Title: AI-assisted MRI segmentation analysis of brain region volume alterations in Parkinson's disease.
Title: New gait performance indices and cognitive functions: a pilot study on correlation in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Anterior attentional system efficacy in Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional study in Poland.
Title: Cortical connectivity is associated with cognition across time in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Diagnostic Value of Carotid Intima-Media Thickness Combined with Periventricular White Matter Hyperintensities for Mild Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Next-generation lipid nanocarriers for Parkinson's therapy: nose-to-brain innovations and clinical prospects.
Title: Beyond Parkinson's Disease: A Narrative Review of Neuromelanin MRI in Neurodegenerative Diseases.
Title: A scoping review of safer mobility behaviour assessment and intervention: implications for people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Metabolic profiles associated with fat loss in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Telerehabilitation for people with Parkinson's disease: protocol of a randomised clinical trial of mixed methods.
Title: Lutein inhibits Parkinson's disease-induced ferroptosis of neuronal cells by activating NRF2 signaling.
Title: CCNE1 Exerts a Protective Effect on Parkinson's Disease by Regulating Ferroptosis-Related Proteins.
Title: Expanding Therapeutic Horizons in Parkinson's Disease Through MicroRNA-Based Interventions: A Comprehensive Review.
Title: Mapping the neural and molecular basis underlying fatigue in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Advances in neurological therapies: A review of clinical trials in Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and multiple sclerosis.
Title: Effects of Transcranial Pulse Stimulation (TPS) as a potential "add-on" intervention in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Retinal structural changes in Parkinson's disease: differences in pRNFL thickness between GBA1-associated and idiopathic cases.
Title: Bilobalide isolated from Ginkgo leaf tea alleviates Parkinson's disease via suppressing neuroinflammation and remodeling gut microbiota.
Title: From Kitchen Spice to Neuroprotector: The Role of 6-Shogaol in Parkinson's Disease Management.
Title: Effects of oral levodopa on motor symptoms and gait impairments in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Cerebrospinal Fluid Biomarkers of NLRP3 Pathway, Immune Dysregulation, and Neurodegeneration in Parkinson's Disease: A Meta-Analysis.
Title: Bipolar Disorder as a Long-Term Risk Factor for Parkinson's Disease: A Nationwide Case-Control Study.
Title: Effect on Dyskinesia of the Early Combination of Amantadine to Levodopa-Therapy in Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Study (PREMANDYSK).
Title: Dermal Alpha-Synuclein Aggregation in Seed Amplification Assays for Parkinson's Disease Subtype Differentiation.
Title: Multi-Session whole body vibration program on Parkinson's disease symptoms: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Assessment of postural control in individuals with Parkinson's disease during functional activities under different attentional demands.
Title: Acute effects of an aerobic dual task on processing speed and attention in Parkinson's disease: a randomised controlled trial study.
Title: Aquatic functional assessment scale (AFAS): A proposal for adaptation to Parkinson's disease (AFAS-PD).
Title: Isoliquiritigenin ameliorates Parkinson's disease via gut microbiota remodeling: potential mediating role of Parabacteroides distasonis.
Title: Early classification of functional connectomes in Parkinson's disease: a comparison of machine learning classifiers using multi-scale topological features.
Title: Correlation analysis of 
Title: Limited predictive value of preoperative nigrosome integrity for motor outcomes in Parkinson's disease deep brain stimulation.
Title: GDNF signaling modulation by Akkermansia muciniphila ameliorates constipation-depression comorbidity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Retinal alterations resemble brain pathology in a rat model of Parkinson's disease induced by intranigral infusion of α-synuclein oligomers.
Title: Decoding the multifaceted cellular and transcriptomic variations of natural killer cells generated from patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Concealed Wolff-Parkinson-White and the road not taken: The story behind "the V-on-H".
Title: Personalized management of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multiple, not just Beta-Gamma, phase-amplitude couplings are associated with Parkinson's disease and related intervention effects.
Title: Causal associations between sarcopenia and Parkinson's disease ‒ A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Title: Evaluation and management of male sexual dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: A clinical road map.
Title: Constructing a Personalized Treatment Rule for Initial Therapy in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Use of the visual analogue Parkinson's Disease Sleep Scale in Nigeria.
Title: PICALM polymorphisms are associated with susceptibility to parkinson's disease in the Northern Chinese Han population: a case-control study.
Title: Identification of the efficacy and safety of apomorphine in the treatment of Parkinson's disease via meta-analysis.
Title: Identification of expanded and interrupted ATXN2 repeat expansions in Parkinson's disease and Lewy Body Dementia cohorts.
Title: Lower limb motor effects of DBS neurofeedback in Parkinson's disease assessed through IMU-based UPDRS movement quality metrics.
Title: Wearable inertial device for monitoring Parkinson's disease symptoms: a pilot study in a controlled environment.
Title: Inhibiting TRPV4 improves α-synuclein degradation through autophagy-lysosomal pathway in the MPP
Title: MRI structural and functional axial asymmetry in the brain-first versus body-first subtypes of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Subthalamic stimulation shifts brain network dynamics from extensive functional support to motor dominance in Parkinson's disease.
Title: There is not one Parkinson's disease, nor is there one cure.
Title: Soluble immune factor profiles in blood and CSF associated with LRRK2 mutations and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Uncovering the role of c-Fos in the bidirectional relationship between depression/anxiety behaviors and α-synuclein propagation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Association of Enlarged Perivascular Space with Cerebrospinal Fluid GFAP in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Factors Associated With Demoralization in Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Enhanced Bioavailability of a Thionated IMiD Derivative Nanosuspension for Parkinson's Disease Targeting α-Synuclein.
Title: Increased free water in the nucleus basalis of Meynert is associated with worse olfaction in idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Interpretable machine learning for cognitive impairment prediction in Parkinson's disease: a multicenter validation study with SHAP analysis.
Title: Transforming Care Across Countries: Lessons from the Integrated Care Networks for Parkinson's Disease Study (iCARE-PD).
Title: Functional Physical Rehabilitation and Self-Assessment of Physical Activity in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases in relation to human papillomavirus infection: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Title: RecovGait: Occluded Parkinson's Disease Gait Reconstruction Using Unscented Tracking with Gated Initialization Technique.
Title: ParCuR-A Novel AI-Enabled Gait Cueing Wearable for Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Comparing the Informative Value of 2-Minute Segments of the 6-Minute Walk Test: Insights into a Prospective Study on Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Multi-Modal Decentralized Hybrid Learning for Early Parkinson's Detection Using Voice Biomarkers and Contrastive Speech Embeddings.
Title: Early Detection of Dysphagia Signs in Parkinson's Disease: An Artificial Intelligence-Based Approach Using Non-Invasive Sensors.
Title: Exergaming Compared to Conventional Physical Exercise Interventions on Health Status in Older People with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Association of Apathy with Poor Sleep Quality in Patients with Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Summarizing the Role of Selected Adipokines in Parkinson's Disease: What Is Known About Leptin, Adiponectin, Resistin, Visfatin, and Progranulin in Neurodegeneration?
Title: GBA1 Gene-Associated Transcriptomic Signatures Reveal Risk Genes in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Longitudinal Effects of Bilateral Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation Versus Best Medical Therapy on Static and Dynamic Balance and Gait in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A 36-Month Comparative Study.
Title: L-Dopa Comparably Improves Gait and Limb Movements in Parkinson's Disease: A Wearable Sensor Analysis.
Title: Non-Motor Symptoms as Markers of Disease Severity in Parkinson's Disease: Associations Between Constipation, Depression, REM Sleep Behavior Disorder, and Motor Impairment.
Title: Voice-Based Detection of Parkinson's Disease Using Machine and Deep Learning Approaches: A Systematic Review.
Title: Stimulus-Evoked Brain Signals for Parkinson's Detection: A Comprehensive Benchmark Performance Analysis on Cross-Stimulation and Channel-Wise Experiments.
Title: An Explainable Ensemble and Deep Learning Framework for Accurate and Interpretable Parkinson's Disease Detection from Voice Biomarkers.
Title: A Preliminary Mechanics-Informed Machine Learning Framework for Objective Assessment of Parkinson's Disease and Rehabilitation Outcomes.
Title: Association of Sporadic and Genetic Parkinson's Disease with Cancer: Insights from the PPMI Cohort.
Title: Correction: López-Manzanares et al. Real-World Use of COMT Inhibitors in the Management of Patients with Parkinson's Disease in Spain Who Present Early Motor Fluctuations: Interim Results from the REONPARK Study. 
Title: Functional and Structural Connectivity Correlates of Axial Symptom Outcomes After Pallidal Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Transcranial Random Noise Stimulation over the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Patients with Parkinson's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Pilot Study.
Title: Multidimensional Phenotyping and Predictive Neuropsychological Modeling of Socio-Cognitive Endophenotypes in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Speech Markers of Parkinson's Disease: Phonological Features and Acoustic Measures.
Title: Pauses as a Quantitative Measure of Linguistic Planning Challenges in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Practices, Resources and Challenges in Parkinson's Disease Management in Asia: Movement Disorders in Asia Study Group Report.
Title: Stigmasterol exerts antioxidant effects through activation of the Keap1/Nrf2 signaling pathway in Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Parkinson's disease: an integrative bioinformatics and machine learning analysis reveals tryptophan metabolism-associated gene biomarkers.
Title: Cellular and Extracellular MicroRNA Dysregulation in LRRK2-Linked Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Kynurenine pathway in Parkinson's disease: pathophysiological roles and therapeutic interventions.
Title: Unveiling Exosomes and Microvesicles in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanistic Insights Into Cell Death Pathways and Therapeutic Potential.
Title: Noise worsens Parkinson's disease in mice.
Title: Resting-state hippocampal asymmetry as a marker for memory and olfactory deficit in parkinson's disease.
Title: Elevated Lactobacillus salivarius and genus Akkermansia in fecal samples of Taiwanese patients with parkinson's disease and diabetes mellitus.
Title: Interferon gamma stimulates coordinated changes in LRRK2, GCase, and cathepsin activities in idiopathic and genetic Parkinson's disease monocytes.
Title: A spatiotemporal hypergraph self-attention neural networks framework for the identification and pharmacological efficacy assessment of Parkinson's disease motor symptoms.
Title: Essential oils by name and by nature: a review of their antioxidant and neuroprotective potential in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Analysis of the application value of the Roy Adaptation Model in Parkinson's disease nursing care: A non-blinded, single-center observational study.
Title: Exercise: The key to enhancing sleep quality and physical function in Parkinson's disease? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Examination of simple artificial intelligence-based analysis of dopamine transporter scintigraphy for supporting a diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Non-coding RNAs in Parkinson's Disease: Pathogenesis, Exosomes, and Therapeutic Horizons.
Title: Is the Parkinson's-associated protein TMEM175 a proton channel: Yay or nay?
Title: Speed Matters: Challenging the Notion of Velocity-Independent Rigidity Using Technological Devices in People with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Psychiatric Comorbidities in Parkinson's Disease: A Moroccan Perspective on Anxiety and Depression.
Title: Effects of virtual reality intervention dosage on gait performance in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Reduced levels of nitrated α-synuclein in the protective effect of harpagoside on rotenone-induced cellular models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Identification and validation of shared key genes between Parkinson's disease and erectile dysfunction: a bioinformatics approach.
Title: Lateral weight transfer deficits reveal balance vulnerability in early-stage Parkinson's disease during trip-perturbed walking.
Title: Predictive modeling of motor symptom severity and stage classification in Parkinson's disease using machine learning methods with selected multiple serological biomarkers.
Title: Formononetin derived from Parabacteroides merdae alleviates MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease in mice by inhibiting ferroptosis via the PI3K-AKT-ferritinophagy axis.
Title: Regulation of mitochondrial dynamics and function by melatonin type 1 receptor in parkinson's disease.
Title: PDualNet: a deep learning framework for joint prediction of Parkinson's disease progression subtype and MDS-UPDRS scores.
Title: Evidence for divergent cortical organisation in Parkinson's disease and Lewy Body Dementia.
Title: Multi-omic analysis reveals lipid dysregulation associated with mitochondrial dysfunction in parkinson's disease brain.
Title: Singing interventions for people living with Parkinson's: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Effects of combined entacapone and rTMS therapy on pain severity and serum inflammatory biomarkers (IL-6 and TNF-α) in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Letter to the Editor: Effects of virtual reality cognitive training on executive function and prospective memory in Parkinson's disease and healthy aging.
Title: Evaluation of Disease Burden in Parkinson's Disease for Individuals Aged 60 and Older.
Title: White Matter Structural Network Dysfunction Mediates the Effect of Hypertension on Cognitive Decline in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Analysis of factors associated with treatment-resistant depression in patients with depression in Parkinson's disease (DPD).
Title: Daily steps are a predictor of, but perhaps not a risk factor for Parkinson's disease: findings from the UK Biobank.
Title: hsa-miR-22-3p-Mediated Exosome Release From Neurons Induces Apoptosis in Recipient Glial and Neuronal Cells in Parkinson's Disease Stress Conditions.
Title: The role of in silico and in vitro models in Parkinson's disease: Drug discovery and therapy applications.
Title: Early deep brain stimulation attenuates parkinsonism progression in a neurotoxin-induced Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Region-specific variations in the cerebrovasculature underlie disease progression in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Sex similarities and differences in cognition: A longitudinal study of healthy control participants from the Parkinson Progression Markers Initiative.
Title: Evidence of central autonomic dysfunction in orthostatic hypotension of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mettl3/Nrf2 Axis Suppresses Parkinson's Disease Progression via Inhibiting NLRP3-Induced Pyroptosis in Serotonin Neurons.
Title: Obstructive Sleep Apnea, Positive Airway Pressure, and Implications of Early Treatment in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Bidirectional Effects of Sleep Deprivation Associated with Parkinson's Disease on Behavior, Oxidative Stress, and Energy Metabolism in Male and Female Rats.
Title: Investigating the therapeutic potential of transcranial direct current stimulation in an experimental Parkinson's model through glutamate pathway.
Title: Exploring the impact of treatments (pharmacological and nonpharmacological) on independence and wellbeing in people with Parkinson's and their carers-a qualitative synthesis.
Title: N2G calibrator: a cross-subject domain adversarial training framework for gait tracking from neural signals in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Integrated Stress Response Signatures Drive Monocyte Dysfunction in 
Title: Neuro-functional correlates of personality dimensions in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multifunctional hydrogel sensors with dynamic covalent networks for machine learning-assisted Parkinson's disease diagnosis and encrypted human-computer interaction.
Title: Parkinson's disease detection using spectrogram-based multi-model feature fusion networks.
Title: Effect of a soft wearable robot suit with hip extensor assistance on gait in patients with Parkinson's disease: a study protocol.
Title: A 
Title: Comparison of FDOPA and FDG PET in Parkinson's Disease Patients with and without Freezing of Gait.
Title: Evaluation of an antibody panel for alpha-synuclein detection in FFPE rectal biopsies in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Optimized reference region and the effect on test-retest reliability and detection of Parkinson's disease with [
Title: Revealing cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in Parkinson's disease dementia based on iTRAQ proteomics research.
Title: Correction: Brain virome dysbiosis in Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy.
Title: Correction: Microbiome and metabolome integrated analysis: exploring potential diagnostic approaches for Parkinson's disease using tongue coating samples.
Title: A Complex FGF14 (TTC)/(TGC) Repeat Expansion in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Single-Cell Transcriptomics Uncovers Cellular Heterogeneity, Mechanisms, and Therapeutic Targets for Ferroptosis-Related Genes in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Neuroprotective Attributes of Gut-derived Urolithins in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Astaxanthin-Loaded Silver Nanoparticles Mitigate 6-OHDA-Induced Parkinson's via ER Stress and PI3K/Akt/mTOR Signaling.
Title: Study on the Mechanism of Acanthopanax senticosus Extract Intervening in the Regulation of Parkinson's Disease by BV2 Microglial Cell-Derived Exosomes.
Title: Radiomics of the midbrain on TCCD for identifying Parkinson's disease in substantia nigra hyperechogenicity-negative individuals.
Title: Therapeutic potential of K
Title: Depending on intensity, exercise improved or worsened pathology in a model of prodromal Parkinson's disease.
Title: Vocal Biomarkers for Parkinson's Disease Classification through Hybrid Feature Selection with Beluga Whale Optimization.
Title: Environmentally relevant concentrations of polystyrene nanoplastics induce Parkinson's-like neurotoxicity in C. elegans via oxidative stress.
Title: Gait quality improves after unilateral subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Effectiveness of Cognitive Enhancement Programs in Parkinson's Disease Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Narrative Review.
Title: Diagnostic performance of PET-based artificial intelligence for differentiating Parkinson's disease from normal controls or atypical parkinsonism: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Bilateral intermittent theta-burst stimulation as a priming strategy to enhance action observation and imitation training in early parkinson's disease: a proof-of-concept study.
Title: Smooth pursuit eye movements in different directions and frequencies as biomarkers for detecting early stage Parkinson's disease and assessing levodopa responsiveness: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Author Correction: Proceedings of the world summit on parkinson's disease.
Title: Structural and functional brain alterations associated with pain in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The influence of intermittent hypercapnia on cerebrospinal fluid flow and clearance in Parkinson's disease and healthy older adults.
Title: Author Correction: Classification of GBA1 variants and their impact on Parkinson's disease: an in silico score analysis.
Title: The interplay between stress, inflammation and Parkinson's disease: insights from the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Spermine modulation of Alzheimer's Tau and Parkinson's α-synuclein: implications for biomolecular condensation and neurodegeneration.
Title: Parkinson's associated protein DJ-1 regulates intercellular communication via extracellular vesicles in oxidative stress.
Title: Dietary tributyrin supplementation in Parkinson's disease: An open-label target engagement study.
Title: The Minnesota Manual Dexterity Test: A reliable and valid measurement tool in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Motor complications and postural abnormalities interplay in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Binding domains of α-synuclein receptors with monomeric/oligomeric α-synuclein: Implications for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Personalized versus fixed tactile cueing in Parkinson's disease: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial on gait automaticity.
Title: Verminoside attenuates inflammatory responses in microglial cells and exerts neuroprotective effects in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Correlation Analysis of Hand Flexibility and Balance Function in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: 
Title: Loss of therapeutic efficacy following the switch from levodopa/carbidopa intestinal gel therapy to subcutaneous foslevodopa/foscarbidopa infusion in a patient with advanced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Interpeduncular Angle: A Possible Marker to Differentiate Atypical Parkinsonism from Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Titration Dynamics and Early Treatment Burden in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A Multicenter Comparison of CSFLI and LCIG Infusion Therapies.
Title: NDST3-Induced Epigenetic Reprogramming Reverses Neurodegeneration in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: When Parkinson's disease encounters high fever: two case reports and literature review.
Title: Clinical effect of donepezil hydrochloride in the treatment of Parkinson's disease patients: a meta-analysis.
Title: Factors influencing activity performance and participation in usual life situations among people with Parkinson's disease: a mixed methods study.
Title: Mapping the global research landscape of mitophagy in Parkinson's disease: a bibliometric and visualization analysis.
Title: Earlier prediction of Parkinson's disease using cross non-decimated wavelet transform and machine learning algorithm.
Title: Added value of a wrist-worn device for assessing tremor in Parkinson's disease: reliability and validity of tremor evaluation at home.
Title: Discriminating between proposed Brain-First and Body-First Parkinson's disease using conventional and radiomics-enhanced dopamine transporter SPECT image analysis.
Title: α-synuclein in Parkinson's disease: a central point of convergence with depression.
Title: Air pollution and Parkinson's disease: A prospective cohort study with sex-stratified analysis in the UK biobank.
Title: Vestibular-evoked myogenic potentials and dizziness profiles in Parkinson's disease: Commentary on a controlled study.
Title: Differentiating gait behaviors between early-stage dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson's disease.
Title: A Red-Emitting Fluorescent Probe for Visualizing Hydroxyl Radical in Parkinson's Disease and Guiding the Discovery of Methyl Ferulate for Therapeutic Intervention.
Title: Cross-modal fusion of brain imaging and clinical data for Parkinson's disease progression prediction.
Title: The Small Molecule DDOX Confers Neuroprotection and Alleviates Motor Deficits in a Preclinical Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Potential Roles of HSPA2 in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Similar DTI-ALPS metrics in Parkinson's disease and essential tremor: a cross-sectional comparative analysis.
Title: Gut and skin microbiome profiles as promising biomarkers in Parkinson's disease - preliminary results.
Title: Effects of Deep Brain Stimulation on Autonomic Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review.
Title: [Parkinson's Disease and Pregnancy. Resolution of The National Society for the Study of Parkinson's Disease and Movement Disorders].
Title: [Epidemiology of Parkinson's disease].
Title: [Higher-level ambulation disorders in Parkinson's disease].
Title: [Perceptions of the disease and self-assessment of the quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease].
Title: [«Brain-gut-microbiome» axis in patients with Parkinson's disease].
Title: [Selection of patients with Parkinson's disease for interventional therapies: A review of available tools - scales and questionnaires].
Title: [Musculoskeletal disorders in patients with Parkinson's disease].
Title: Cholinergic basal forebrain degeneration is associated with central fatigue in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Treatment of Parkinson's Disease with an Anti-Inflammasome NLRP3 Inhibitor Derived from a Natural Product.
Title: Cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia in neurodegenerative disorders-targeting sleep disturbances in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease: a scoping review.
Title: Locally adapting digital health technologies to address the global challenge of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Alternative Pathway for Methyl Supply through the Coupling of SHMT1 and PEMT to Maintain Astrocytic Homeostasis in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Causal association between Parkinson disease, gut microbiota, and constipation: A Mendelian study.
Title: [Effects of acupoint catgut embedding on gut microbiota and fecal short-chain fatty acids in Parkinson's disease patients with constipation].
Title: Opicapone for the Treatment of Nocturnal Hypokinesia in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: An Open-Label Pilot Clinical Trial.
Title: Nrf2-Keap1 Pathway and NLRP3 Inflammasome in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanistic Crosstalk and Therapeutic Implications.
Title: Metformin Inhibits Microglial Activation-Mediated Cuproptosis by Modulating the TLR4/Myd88/NF-κB Signaling Pathway in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Corneal nerve loss measured by corneal confocal microscopy predicts pain severity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impact of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 inhibitor use on mortality in diabetic Parkinson's disease patients: A nationwide cohort study.
Title: Using machine learning for detection of Parkinson's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Title: User Experiences of Limb-Worn Wearable Devices for Monitoring Parkinson Disease Motor Function and Blood Pressure: Usability Study.
Title: Author Correction: A blood-based DNA damage signature in patients with Parkinson's disease is associated with disease progression.
Title: Basal ganglia as an fMRI motor neurofeedback target in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuropsychological insights into creativity in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Noradrenergic α
Title: A novel peptide-based strategy to enhance GBA1 expression for treating Parkinson's disease.
Title: A review of the evidence for a protective role of uric acid in Parkinson's disease.
Title: REPLY: Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa Continuous Subcutaneous Infusion in Parkinson's Disease: Extended Real World Data With Outpatient Dose Titration.
Title: Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa Continuous Subcutaneous Infusion in Parkinson's Disease: Extended Real World Data with Outpatient Dose Titration.
Title: Parkinson's-Linked LRRK2 and GBA1 Mutations Modulate the Peripheral Immune Response to Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Title: Hypoxia and Parkinson's Disease: A Dangerous Oversimplification Based on a Subpar Mouse Model.
Title: LRRK2 Degraders for Parkinson's Disease and Inflammation: Tau and α‑Synuclein Degraders for Neurodegeneration.
Title: Neuroprotective Parkinson's Disease Therapeutic: Transition Metal Dichalcogenide Nanoflower Treatments Alleviate Pathological Cell Stress.
Title: Independent Associations of Sleep and Walking with Cognition in Parkinson's Disease: A Perivascular Spaces Analysis.
Title: Polygenic risk scores and Parkinson's disease in South Africa: Moving towards ancestry-informed disease prediction.
Title: The efficacy and safety of acupuncture for Parkinson's disease insomnia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Correction to: Photobiomodulation Therapy and Cell Therapy Improved Parkinson's Diseases by Neuro-regeneration and Tremor Inhibition.
Title: [Current aspects of the relationship between depression and cognitive impairment in patients with Parkinson's disease].
Title: A computational-based search of natural product derived multi-target ligands for the management of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease using structure-based pharmacophore modelling, virtual screening, MD docking, free energy analysis, ADMET profiling and DFT studies.
Title: "YiJinJing, Wohu Pushi" Posture-Voice Therapy for Dysarthria in Parkinson's Disease Patients Following Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Functional PET for mapping metabolic dynamics in Parkinson's disease.
Title: MIF downregulation attenuates neuroinflammation via TLR4/MyD88/TRAF6/NF-κB pathway to protect dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Construction of a mild cognitive impairment prediction model for Parkinson's disease patients on the basis of multimodal data.
Title: Phenotypic characterization of an Atp13a2 knockout rat model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Apathy self-awareness and its neural correlates in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: LRRK2 p.G2385R and p.R1628P variants in a multi-ethnic Asian Parkinson's Cohort: epidemiology and clinical insights.
Title: Corrigendum to "Dissolvable microarray patches of levodopa and carbidopa for Parkinson's disease management" [Eur. J. Pharm. Biopharm. 199 (2024) 114304].
Title: Alterations in cortical sulcal morphology in Parkinson's disease patients with impulse control disorders.
Title: Preliminary Psychometric Review of Neurologists' Speech Ratings on the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale.
Title: The genetics of autosomal recessive early-onset Parkinson's disease.
Title: Untangling the heart-brain connection in Parkinson's disease: emerging mechanisms and models.
Title: Association of dopamine depletion and cholinergic basal forebrain atrophy with brain metabolism and cognition in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Daily steps and health outcomes: Implications for persons with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Reactive astrocyte-related pathogenic genes in Parkinson's disease: A multi-omics Mendelian randomization study.
Title: Fear of progression in Parkinson's disease: Role of age and occupational status.
Title: Foods and Dietary Intakes and the Risk of Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-analysis of Prospective Cohort Studies.
Title: Do microplastics play a role in the pathogenesis of neurodegenerative diseases? Shared pathophysiological pathways for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Agomelatine Targets Aquaporin-4 Polarization to Rescue Glymphatic Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Resting-state EEG changes associated with cognitive decline in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review.
Title: Impact of device-aided therapies on quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease. A comparative multicenter observational study.
Title: Reply: "Unilateral Magnetic Resonance-Guided Focused Ultrasound (MRgFUS) Pallidothalamic Tractotomy in Parkinson's Disease: Promising Results But Uncertain Target".
Title: Unilateral Magnetic Resonance-Guided Focused Ultrasound (MRgFUS) Pallidothalamic Tractotomy in Parkinson's Disease: Promising Results But Uncertain Target.
Title: Genome-Wide Meta-Analysis of Parkinson's Disease Associated Genetic Loci and Validation of Therapeutic Targets.
Title: Posturographic Markers for Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease in Elderly Patients Presenting with Dizziness: A Case Series in an ENT Clinic.
Title: Multiple Case Studies on the Effects of Aroma Massage for Pain Relief and Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease Patients.
Title: 'Breaking the stigma': a qualitative study on how public perceptions affect individuals with Parkinson's disease - a nurse specialist perspective.
Title: Netrin-1 Inhibits Neuroinflammation by Modulating DRD2/GSK3β Signaling and Suppressing ROS in a Parkinson's Disease Model.
Title: Drp1 in Parkinson's disease: Mechanisms of disease pathology and the promise of targeted therapeutic strategies.
Title: Cortical beta power modulation is asymmetric and reduced during movement execution and inhibition in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Protein mechanism and therapeutic design in Parkinson's disease: A structural biology perspective.
Title: Dysregulated proteostasis in p.A53T-α-Synuclein astrocytes aggravates Lewy-like neuropathology in a Parkinson's disease iPSC model.
Title: A Novel Approach to Distinguish Parkinson's Disease Patients from Healthy Control Subjects Using Speech-Based Task Analysis.
Title: Targeting the Rho/ROCK Signaling Pathway Mitigates Mitochondrial Dysfunction in 6-OHDA-Induced Models of Parkinson's Disease, Both In Vivo and In Vitro.
Title: Nocturnal Hypokinesia and Early Morning OFF in Parkinson's Disease: State-of-the-Art and Systematic Review of Treatment Availability.
Title: Cholinergic network disruptions on cognitive function across the spectrum of cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Occurrence of Motor Complications and Gait Problems After Introduction of Medical Treatment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Limb Salvage With Single-Stage Bilateral Pantalar Arthrodesis for Severe Equinovarus in Parkinson's Disease: A Case Report.
Title: Effect of Motor Imagery Training on Gait and Balance in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Exploring gut microbiota alterations in Parkinson's disease: insights from a 16S amplicon sequencing Eastern European pilot study.
Title: Parkinson's disease in the spinal cord: An exploratory study to establish T2*w, MTR and diffusion-weighted imaging metric values.
Title: Prevalence, associated factors and impact of mild cognitive impairment in hospitalized older adults with Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: A study on predicting malnutrition risk in Parkinson's disease patients using a nomogram model.
Title: Integration of Synbiotics in the management of non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Carvedilol Confers Neuroprotective Activity Through Modulating Ferroptosis Key Players and PINK1/PARKIN Mediated Mitophagy in an Experimental Parkinson's Rat Model.
Title: Evaluating dispensing patterns of Parkinson's medications from 2012 to 2024 in Australia: insights from the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme concessional database.
Title: [Hoehn & Yahr scale and MDS-UPDRS Part 3 progression in Parkinson's disease patients: retrospective natural history study using a disease registry].
Title: Structural connectivity predicts the amelioration of postoperative rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder in Parkinson's disease patients who underwent subthalamic nucleus-deep brain stimulation.
Title: Perioperative quantification of clinical bradykinesia measurements in patients with Parkinson's disease using accelerometry.
Title: Letter to the editor: B-type natriuretic peptide in Parkinson's disease: a novel biomarker of dysautonomia.
Title: Levodopa consumption in sleep: A novel parasomnia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Zolpidem in Parkinson's disease: An unexpected friend?
Title: Chromogranin A promotes the pathological conversion of α-synuclein at the synapse in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Relationship between Parkinson's disease and diabetes mellitus: Evidence from the bench to bedside.
Title: Disentangling the inverse relationship between cancer and Alzheimer's or Parkinson's disease: A systematic review on Mendelian randomization studies.
Title: Focused ultrasound pallidothalamic tractotomy for Parkinson's disease: the field is moving fast.
Title: In situ amplification of α-synuclein amyloid fibril reveals a distinct polymorph related to Parkinson's disease and dementia with Lewy body.
Title: "There is generally no focus on my pain from the healthcare staff": A qualitative study exploring the perspective of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mitochondrial Calcium Channels and MAM Interaction in Calcium Homeostasis Dysregulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: GBA1 Variants with Unknown Classification Are Modest Contributors to Parkinson's Disease Susceptibility.
Title: Dysfunctional Alternative Polyadenylation Modifies the Penetrance of LRRK2 Variants in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Letter to the Editor on "Cognitive and Psychiatric Adverse Effects of Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa in Patients with Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Real-world analysis and future trends of parkinson's disease burden and all-cause mortality in Shanghai Pudong: a population-based study of 3.17 million people.
Title: Predicting mild cognitive impairment in patients with Parkinson's disease by integrating striatal MRI radiomics with clinical features.
Title: Inhibition of PDE4 Alleviates Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Neuronal Damage via Activation of Nrf2/HO-1 in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effect of Dynamic Balance Training Combined with Different Intensities of Cerebellar Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in People with Parkinson's Disease: a Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Impact of image preprocessing methods on MRI radiomics feature variability and classification performance in Parkinson's disease motor subtype analysis.
Title: Corrigendum to "An antioxidative injectable chitosan hydrogel based on tannic acid modified dialdehyde polyurethane nano-crosslinker targeting RIPK1 to regulate neuroinflammation for amelioration of Parkinson's disease" [Biomaterials, 325 (2026), 123614].
Title: Dancing through the darkness: a systematic review of dance as a multidimensional therapy for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Prodromal Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cortical thinning predicts cognitive impairment and progression in Parkinson's disease: The mediating role of p-Tau.
Title: Mid-long term efficacy of dihydroergotoxine mesylate in treatment of sialorrhea in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Global network and local vulnerabilities underlie brain atrophy across Parkinson's disease stages.
Title: Synergism of IP3R and Parkin mutants identifies mitochondrial stress as an early feature of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Menstrual Cycle and Pregnancy Commonly Impact Symptoms of Women with Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Relation between Exercise and Non-Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dual Approaches for Parkinson's Disease: Role of the Dopaminergic and Non-Dopaminergic Therapies.
Title: Parkinson Disease 
Title: Investigating the association of pan-immune-inflammation value, systemic immune-inflammation index, and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio with pain in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Improving recognition and management of inpatient delirium in Parkinson's disease: evidence review and implications for clinical care.
Title: Effects of dopaminergic medication on upper limb motor function, strength and hand dexterity in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: An international 20 country patient and physician survey of the usability and acceptability of Stepped Care pathway in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Can wearable sensor based measures of gait accurately reflect Parkinson's disease severity? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Placebo Responses in Trials of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Stereotactic radiotherapy on Parkinson's disease induced tremors - a systematic review.
Title: Brain hacks: Engineering a microbial factory for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dynamic Assessment of Fine Motor Control and Vocalization in Parkinson Disease Through a Smartphone App: Cross-Sectional Study of Time-Severity Interaction Effects.
Title: Optimizing Outcomes: A Review of Pre- and Post-Surgical Evaluations in Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease and Essential Tremor.
Title: Improved Dual-Task Interference in Parkinson's Disease Following Deep Brain Stimulation.
Title: Utility of Baseline Pathological, Neuroimaging and Clinical Markers for Prognosis in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Laser-Guided Visual Cueing Modulates Spatiotemporal Gait Dynamics During Transitions in Parkinson's.
Title: Constipation Is Linked to Neuroinflammation in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Motor and Cognitive Outcome After Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation in Patients with Parkinson's Disease Harboring GBA1 Variant.
Title: FAM171A2 in Parkinson's disease: mechanistic insights for a future therapeutic target.
Title: Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy in a Young Female With Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome: Anesthetic Implications and Case Report.
Title: Long-term efficacy of deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: over 10-year follow-up and insights into the "DBS honeymoon".
Title: Drug discovery and development for Parkinson's disease: are preclinical models good enough?
Title: Directed brain connectivity biomarkers of healthy aging and Parkinson's disease staging.
Title: Self-Care Experiences and Behaviours in People With Parkinson's Disease: A Meta-Synthesis.
Title: A Potential Role of Natural Bioactive Compounds Found in Food in the Prevention of Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effects of Ketogenic Diet on Quality of Life in Parkinson Disease: An Integrative Review.
Title: Mental Health and Well-Being of Residents with Parkinson's Disease in Care Homes: A Scoping Review.
Title: Empowering People with Parkinson's: Reframing Self-Management in Parkinson's-A Critical Reflection of Current Practice.
Title: The Potential of Focal Muscle Vibration Therapy in the Management of Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Effectiveness of Photobiomodulation to Treat Motor and Non-Motor Symptoms of Parkinson's Disease: A Randomised Clinical Trial with Extended Treatment.
Title: Contribution of Cerebellar Glutamatergic and GABAergic Systems in Premotor and Early Stages of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Sex-Independent Upregulation of miR-146a-5p in Parkinson's Disease Patients: A Longitudinal Study.
Title: A Deep Learning Framework for Early Parkinson's Disease Detection: Leveraging Spiral and Wave Handwriting Tasks with EfficientNetV2-S.
Title: Modelling cholinergic and dopaminergic function over time in Parkinson's disease with and without GBA1 variants.
Title: Inhibition or genetic reduction of ASAH1/acid ceramidase restore α-synuclein clearance in mutant GBA1 dopamine neurons from Parkinson's patients.
Title: Parkinson's disease: the follow-up consultation.
Title: Comment on "Psychological well-being of individuals with Parkinson's disease and their caregivers: A one-year follow-up study of patient-caregiver dyads".
Title: Association of deep learning-derived optic nerve morphology with Parkinson's disease and drug-induced Parkinsonism: Findings from the LIFE Study.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of hypoactive 
Title: Bidirectional Causal Associations Between Plasma Metabolites and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Intravenous 
Title: Pesticides and parkinson's disease: causal relationship at the population and individual level?
Title: Clinical utility of digital technologies in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lifestyle medicine in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Pharmacogenetics in advanced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's Disease with a Novel OPA1 Mutation Successfully Treated with Deep Brain Stimulation.
Title: Chronic kidney disease, proteinuria, and mortality risk in patients with Parkinson's disease: a 12-year longitudinal study.
Title: Development and validation of a novel scoring system integrating MIBG scintigraphy and SPECT imaging for differentiating Parkinson's disease.
Title: Editorial: Integrating technology into advanced Parkinson's disease management: from screening and evaluation to treatment and prevention.
Title: Gait Patterns and Balance Impairment in Parkinson's Disease With Correlation to Disease Severity.
Title: Diagnosis and Severity Rating of Parkinson's Disease Based on Multimodal Gait Signal Analysis With GLRT and ST-CNN-Transformer Networks.
Title: Directional Asymmetry in Bed Mobility in Parkinson's Disease: The Impact of Symptom Laterality and Handedness.
Title: Prevalence and Characteristics of Itch in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Groundbreaking Insights Into SIRT1/NRF2-Mediated Ferroptosis Inhibition by Resveratrol in Parkinson's Disease Models.
Title: Green synthesis gold nanoparticle from 
Title: Dopamine Dysregulation Syndrome in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Importance of Medication Reconciliation in a Patient with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Idiopathic hyposmia as a marker of prodromal Parkinson's disease - a cohort study.
Title: Inhibition of T cell infiltration and soluble TNF signaling is neuroprotective in the alpha-synuclein overexpressing mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multidimensional Voice Assessment in Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Study on Correlations Between Acoustic, Perceptual, and Self-Reported Measures in Algerian Arabic Speakers.
Title: Elevated blood microplastics and their potential association with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Protocatechuic acid alleviates cGAS-STING-mediated neuroinflammation by enhancing microglial autophagy in mouse models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Seeds of hope: Mucuna Pruriens offers promise for persons with Parkinson's disease in Africa.
Title: Effectiveness of Escitalopram and Nortriptyline on Depressive Symptoms in Parkinson's disease: the ADepT-PD RCT pilot.
Title: Performance-based tests in individuals with Parkinson's disease: Outcome scores and reliability.
Title: A modified Delphi study of post-operative management for subthalamic deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Novel insights into relationships between metabolic covariance patterns of FDG-PET data and clinical status in Parkinson's disease using partial least squares correlation analysis.
Title: Glycyrrhizin Combined with Electroacupuncture Relieves Parkinson's Disease Progression Through the Inhibition of HMGB1-mediated Microglial Autophagy.
Title: Neurofilament Light Chain from Neuronally Derived Extracellular Vesicles in Differentiating Parkinson's Disease from Essential Tremor with Resting Tremor.
Title: The G2019S LRRK2 mutation exacerbates α-synuclein and tau neuropathology through divergent pathways in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Corrigendum to "Leveraging ANFIS with Adam and PSO optimizers for Parkinson's disease" [Heliyon Volume 10, Issue 9, May 15, 2024, Article e30241].
Title: A Unique Case of Metastatic Paraganglioma in a Patient With Parkinson Disease.
Title: Non-Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease and Their Impact on Quality of Life: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Inhibition of astrocyte BMP signaling alleviates neuroinflammation in experimental models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: VReeze: an open-source virtual reality for the examination of freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease - a study design of a crossover repeated measures study for validation.
Title: Platelet-rich plasma intervention as a therapeutic agent versus L-DOPA in Parkinson's model induced by rotenone in male albino rats.
Title: Utility of a contemporary digital cognitive-motor biomarker in Huntington's and Parkinson's diseases.
Title: Early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease using split aptamer-based lateral flow assay with saliva sample.
Title: Targeting the alpha-synuclein protein to treat Parkinson's disease using novel inhibitors identified using an integrated computational drug development approaches.
Title: Efficacy of acupuncture for Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Fatigue and neuropsychiatric symptoms in Parkinson's disease: a narrative review.
Title: Iron chelation as a therapeutic target in vanadium neurotoxicity and Parkinson's disease: role of medicinal plants.
Title: Facial expression analysis to uncover the relationship between sialorrhea and hypomimia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation in healthy individuals, stroke, and Parkinson's disease: a narrative review of safety, parameters, and efficacy.
Title: Effects of different side motor impairments at early onset on voice acoustic performance in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Exploring Ayurveda's Potential in Parkinson's Disease: A Comprehensive Narrative.
Title: Perioperative Management of a Patient With Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome Undergoing Thyroidectomy With Bilateral Modified Neck Dissection and the Role of Dexmedetomidine: A Case Report.
Title: Abnormal topological organization of structural covariance networks in early-stage Parkinson's disease patients with autonomic dysfunction.
Title: Aligning with regulatory agencies for the use of digital health technologies in drug development: a case study from Parkinson's disease.
Title: Enhancing neuropsychological assessment clinical pathways in Parkinson's disease through the use of technology.
Title: Modulation of lncRNAs and oxidative stress related genes by N-acetylcysteine and S-methylcysteine in rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Early alpha-synuclein accumulation, oxidative stress and inflammation in the proximal colon of c-rel
Title: Ocular motor dysfunction in patients with multiple system atrophy and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Familial risk of Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome: a nationwide family study in Sweden.
Title: Faecal microbiota transplant for Parkinson's disease: promises and future directions.
Title: Targeting neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease: Immunomodulatory effects of a hyaluronic acid-based nanoreinforced hydrogel loaded with GDNF and mesenchymal stem cells.
Title: Striatal injection of aminochrome in Wistar rats induces early-stage behavioral changes of Parkinson's disease and dopaminergic degeneration in the caudal and medial regions of the nigra pars compacta.
Title: Aerobic exercise modulates plasma oxidized lipid metabolites and neurotransmitters in Parkinson's disease motor subtypes.
Title: Associations between risk of obstructive sleep apnea and cognitive performance In Parkinson's disease: evidence from the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging.
Title: Exploring the causal association between 6 sleep traits and Parkinson disease.
Title: Correction: Integrated multi‑omics highlights alterations of gut microbiome functions in prodromal and idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Risk of Parkinson's disease after human papillomavirus infection: a nationwide cohort study.
Title: Deubiquitinating enzymes in parkinson's disease: molecular mechanisms and therapeutic potential.
Title: Activation of the zona incerta GABAergic circuit for the treatment of pain hypersensitivity in Parkinson's disease mice model.
Title: Mapping the developmental path for Parkinson's disease therapeutics.
Title: Potential Therapeutic Effects of Astragaloside IV in Parkinson's Disease Models via Modulation of α-syn-γH2AX-STING-IFN-I Axis.
Title: Author Correction: Integrating digital gait data with metabolomics and clinical data to predict outcomes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Are we ready for a biological diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease?
Title: Effects of α-Synuclein Immunization in a Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Upregulation of miR-361-5p attenuates MPP
Title: Golexanolone affords sustained improvement of Parkinson's symptoms in rats by reducing microglia activation that restores the glutamate-GABA-dopamine pathway.
Title: Boosting dopamine: Following the lineage toward Parkinson's repair.
Title: Calcium-based synaptic and structural plasticity link pathological activity to synaptic reorganization in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The ketogenic diet in Parkinson's disease: a potential therapeutic strategy.
Title: Sensory integration deficits in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait: cortical network dynamics and paradoxical dopaminergic modulation.
Title: Protocol for immunodetection of α-synuclein pathology in paraffin-embedded liver tissues from murine models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Management of Parkinson's in the Community: Interests and Expectations of People Living with Parkinson's, Family Carers, Healthcare Professionals and Stakeholders in Spain.
Title: Top motor and non-motor complaints in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Diagnostic classification of mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease using subject-level stratified machine-learning analysis.
Title: Gender-related differences in cognitive performance and cognitive stimulation efficacy in subjects with Parkinson's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Brain virome dysbiosis in Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy.
Title: Another Microlesion Effect after STN-DBS for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Impact of Additional Occipital Involvement in Parkinson's Disease With Posterior Cortical Hypoperfusion.
Title: Effects of MAO-B and COMT Inhibitors on Sleep Disturbances in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: A Network Meta-Analysis.
Title: Incidence, mortality, and burden of Parkinson's disease in China: A time-trend analysis and comparison with the global burden based on Global Burden of Disease Study 2021.
Title: Synergy between stem cell therapy and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in Parkinson's disease: a mini-review of combined neuroregenerative strategies.
Title: Integrating Palliative Care in Parkinson's Disease and Related Disorders: A Systematic Review of Patient and Caregiver Outcomes.
Title: [Searching for Parkinson's disease].
Title: Parkinson's disease severity clustering based on gait activity from mobile device.
Title: Effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions for cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: systematic review protocol.
Title: The discriminative linguistic profiles of progressive supranuclear palsy and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Oral efficacy of structurally defined chondroitin sulfate Co-administered with SNAC in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Memantine modulates neuroinflammation and motor coordination in a Parkinson's disease model.
Title: ROS-responsive nanogels for brain targeted delivery of icariin in the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Age-(in)dependent altered molecular mechanisms in Parkinson's disease through extracellular vesicle proteome and lipidome.
Title: Electroencephalography-based characteristics of cognitive domain impairments in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The role of motor subtypes in modulating neuropsychiatric and cognitive function in Parkinson's disease: A group-stratified mediation analysis.
Title: Anatomical Group-Level Studies of the Volume of Tissue Activated by Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease: A Model for Targeting?
Title: Stochastic resonance stimulation effect on stability during walking in people with Parkinson disease.
Title: Inter-relationship of the age of onset to the concept of brain-first versus body-first Parkinson's disease.
Title: Immunotherapy in Early Parkinson's Disease: A Biomarker-Driven Trial Framework for Secondary Prevention.
Title: Lower LEDD and Polypharmacy Rates Beyond the Honeymoon Period in Patients With Parkinson's Disease Integrative Western-Korean Medicine Interventions: A CARE-Compliant Case Series.
Title: Levodopa-induced dyskinesia in Parkinson's disease: an updated review of pharmacological treatments.
Title: Aerobic exercise and gut flora: a key link to improved cognitive impairment in mice with Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Effects of Adapted Tango on Dynamic Balance and Dual-Task Performance in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Epidemiology of Parkinson's Disease in Germany Between 2016 and 2021 Based on Statutory Health Insurance Claims Data.
Title: Advancement in Gene Therapy for the Treatment of Parkinson's Disease: A Comprehensive Review.
Title: Network Pharmacology, Molecular Docking, and Molecular Dynamics Simulation of Mucuna pruriens for Parkinson's Disease Treatment.
Title: Self-care and its assessment in the patient-caregiver dyad in Parkinson's disease: a mixed-method study protocol.
Title: A multi-dimensional study on taste deficits, α-synuclein genetic profiling, and supervised learning for diagnosis and disease severity stratification in Parkinson's disease (PD).
Title: Frontal lobe Anatomical differences in Parkinson's disease patients based on impulse control disorder features.
Title: Cerebral microbleeds aggravate severity of motor function, cognitive and emotional status in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Osteoprotective Effects of Melatonin on Bone Loss Associated with Dopaminergic Neuron Degeneration in a Rat Model of Parkinson Disease.
Title: Multifractal detrended fluctuation analysis and persistent homology of α-synuclein aggregates across Parkinson's disease stages.
Title: Introducing TRECEY: An algorithm for tremor compensation using eye-tracking during multimedia remote controller operation in Parkinson's disease (PD).
Title: Pareidolia and Constipation in De Novo Parkinson's Disease: Symptomatic Markers of a Shared Clinical Pattern.
Title: Effectiveness and applications of neurologic music therapy in motor and non-motor rehabilitation for older adults with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: A novel methodological approach to understanding the cortical and subcortical effects of aerobic exercise in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Clinical Algorithm-Guided Approach to Botulinum Toxin Type A Treatment for Axial Postural Abnormalities in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The regulatory mechanisms of active ingredients in traditional Chinese medicine for inflammation in Parkinson disease: A review.
Title: Transaldolase 1 impacts Parkinson's disease pathogenesis via metabolic reprogramming and autophagy-lysosomal pathway.
Title: Correction: Distinct spatial transcriptomic patterns of substantia Nigra in Parkinson disease and Parkinsonian subtype of multiple system atrophy.
Title: A molecular convergence in the triad of parkinson's disease, depressive disorder and gut health is revealed by the inflammation-miRNA axis.
Title: Interaction between rasagiline and Pueraria radix in in vitro models of parkinson's disease.
Title: Web based AI-driven framework combining multi-modal data with CNN and LLM for Parkinson's disease diagnosis.
Title: Cognitive function correlates with gastric alpha-synuclein seeding activity in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: A Neuroimmunological Axis between systemic autoimmunity and Parkinson's disease following long-COVID: A case series.
Title: Reframing bradykinesia in Parkinson's disease: the mixed blessing of slow and variable movement.
Title: Environmental noise-induced changes to the IC-SNc circuit promotes motor deficits and neuronal vulnerability in a mouse model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Olfactory Dysfunction as a Window Into the Heterogeneity of Parkinson Disease.
Title: Deficiency of SCAMP5 causes Parkinson's disease due to loss of dopamine neurons.
Title: Delirium, genetic susceptibility and Parkinson's disease progression: a community- and UK biobank-based matched cohort study.
Title: Delving into the possible role of Ochratoxin A in Parkinson's disease: a computational study spotlighting the potential mechanisms of action.
Title: Volumetric spline-based Kolmogorov-Arnold architectures surpass CNNs, vision transformers, and graph networks for Parkinson's disease detection.
Title: Utility of Locus Coeruleus Signal Intensity on High-resolution T1-weighted MR Imaging with Magnetization Transfer for Differentiating Parkinson's Disease from Atypical Parkinsonism.
Title: Meta-analysis of mRNA dysregulation associated with Parkinson's disease and other neurological disorders.
Title: Staged Bilateral MR-Guided Focused-Ultrasound Pallidothalamic Tractotomy for Parkinson's Disease Cleared by the FDA: Caveat Emptor!
Title: Factors Associated with Orthostatic Hypotension in Parkinson's Disease Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Title: Synergistic Neuroprotective Effects of Traditional Chinese Medicine and Levodopa in Parkinson's Disease: A Behavioral and Pharmacokinetic Study.
Title: Remote, Automated Gamification and Community-Based Physical Activity in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Intracellular Calcium Changes Correlate with Mitochondrial Dynamics After Differential Modulation of KATP Channels in a Cellular Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Tongue Strength and Endurance in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: Association with Swallowing, Oral Phase Efficiency, Meal, Diet Type and Malnutrition Risk.
Title: Serum L-ornithine-derived polyamines as indicators of Parkinson disease progression.
Title: Characterization of the Epidemiological Profile of Patients With Parkinson's Disease Who Were Hospitalized due to SARS-CoV-2 Infection: A Portrait of 4 Years of the Pandemic in Brazil.
Title: Elucidating the role of APOE ε4 gene variants in the clinical manifestation of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Characterizing sleep-related phenotypes with patient-reported outcomes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in Parkinson's disease: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Exploring behavioural symptoms and inhibitory control in Parkinson's disease: Comparison between dementia and non-dementia cases.
Title: Freezing During Swimming as a Precursor to Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: rs6971 TSPO polymorphism in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Reply to the Letter to the Editor: "Unraveling the Links Between Posture and Urinary Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: Missing Pieces to Consider".
Title: The Parkinson's Disease Drug Tolcapone and Analogues are Potent Glycomimetic Lectin Inhibitors of Pseudomonas aeruginosa LecA.
Title: Biallelic RFC1 Expansions Are a Rare Cause of Early-Onset and Familial Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Unraveling the Links Between Posture and Urinary Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: Missing Pieces to Consider.
Title: The underlying mechanism of Erbai decoction on Parkinson's disease rats: a behavioral and pathological study.
Title: Postural instability in Parkinson's disease assessed by instrumented pull-test: Clinical-pharmacological implications.
Title: Possible link between ethnicity, smoking status and coffee consumption with early onset of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Motor segmentation: a key neuromuscular impairment in people with parkinson's disease.
Title: Addressing sexual difficulties in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Management of the seasonal mood-sleep-fatigue symptom cluster in Parkinson's disease: Methodological insights from a cassia oil aromatherapy trial.
Title: Safety of COMT-inhibitors in parkinson's disease: a phase-IV comparative study on adverse events of Tolcapone, Entacapone and Opicapone.
Title: Assessing Digital Health Technologies for Outcome Measurement in Parkinson's Disease Drug Trials: A Systematic Review.
Title: Reply to "Comments on 'Measuring What Matters in Parkinson's Disease Research and Dysphagia: The Need for Core Outcome Sets'".
Title: Comments on "Measuring What Matters in Parkinson's Disease Research and Dysphagia: The Need for Core Outcome Sets".
Title: Dual-Task Gait Cognitive-Motor Interference as a Marker of Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: C-terminus-dependent detection of lysosomal alpha-synuclein in nigral Parkinson's disease human brain neurons.
Title: Characteristics of brain glucose metabolism in Parkinson's disease patients with freezing of gait: a study based on 
Title: Irisin inhibits dopaminergic neuron lactate metabolism and repairs mitochondrial function to alleviate Parkinson's disease by activating SIRT1 signaling pathway.
Title: Histo-radiological correlations in an early-stage model of a Parkinson's disease.
Title: Bioengineered gut bacterium synthesizing levodopa alleviates motor deficits in models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Meaning in life and Parkinson's disease: Evidence from a 17-year study across 14 countries.
Title: Pathological role of immunoproteasome PSMB8 in Parkinson's disease: a link between α-synuclein aggregation and immune activation.
Title: Analysis of Single Particles of Amyloid Beta and α-Synuclein With Seeded Amplification for the Diagnosis of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: An interpretable and balanced machine learning framework for Parkinson's disease prediction using feature engineering and explainable AI.
Title: Locus coeruleus degeneration is associated with orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson's disease and multiple system atrophy.
Title: The prevalence of gastrointestinal dysfunction and its impact on quality of life in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Household herbicide use is associated with the risk of Parkinson's disease and a younger age at onset in PPMI and Fox Insight cohorts.
Title: Parkinson's disease, aerobic exercise and photobiomodulation: a randomised controlled trial.
Title: A Narrative Review on the Role of Microbiota and Microglia in Premotor Symptoms of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Sensorimotor Cortex High Frequency Oscillations Characterize Motor Symptom Severity during Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effectiveness and safety of acupuncture for Parkinson's disease anxiety: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Stage-specific efficacy of pharmacological interventions on gait impairments in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The relation of eye movements to the occurrence of freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Expanding the Arsenal of Nanocarriers Against Parkinson Disease: Success so Far Roads Ahead.
Title: Sleep deprivation and risk for Parkinson's disease: evidence and therapeutic implications.
Title: Beyond beta rhythms: subthalamic aperiodic broadband power scales with Parkinson's disease severity-a cross-sectional multicentre study.
Title: A Case of Tongue Twisting During Screening of STN-DBS for Parkinson's Disease: A Unique Form of Pyramidal Tract Activation.
Title: Episodes of hypoglycemia in patients with Parkinson's disease - results of two-week continuous glucose monitoring.
Title: Fatigue in people with Parkinson's disease - its scale and consequences for activity and quality of life.
Title: Mass Spectrometry-Based Comparative Analysis of 
Title: Cognitive and Motor Improvements Correlated with Sleep and Activity Following Community-Based Non-contact Boxing in Patients with Parkinson Disease.
Title: Advertising to Healthcare Professionals: Insights from Parkinson's Disease in the Movement Disorders Journal.
Title: Deceleration Capacity as a Marker of Autonomic Cardiac Modulation in Prodromal and Manifest Parkinson's Disease, Multiple System Atrophy, and Progressive Supranuclear Palsy.
Title: Non-invasive brain stimulation combined with three rehabilitation approaches for cognitive and emotional well-being in Parkinson's patients.
Title: Association of the rs823144 variant of the RAB29 gene with the activity of lysosomal hydrolases in blood cells and risk of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Aggregation and Propagation of α-Synuclein in Parkinson's Disease: A Bibliometric Perspective.
Title: Nanocarrier-Based Therapies: A Breakthrough in Parkinson's Disease Management.
Title: Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome: a masquerading clinical condition in an 8-year-old Nigerian girl.
Title: DDOX expands the repertoire of tetracyclines for Parkinson's disease by preventing the cellular uptake and intracellular impact of α-synuclein preformed fibrils.
Title: Mobile health technologies for the management of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluation of DBS computational modeling methodologies using in-vivo electrophysiology in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cannabidiol and Parkinson's disease: Investigating receptor interactions and their therapeutic implications.
Title: Therapeutic innovation through drug repurposing: A multidimensional approach toward treating Parkinson's disease.
Title: Anti-cytokine autoantibodies linked to susceptibility, bacterial load, and outcome in pneumococcal meningitis: prospective cohort studies in CNS infections, Alzheimer's disease, and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Ferroptosis Induced by Pb Exposure Causes Parkinson's Disease-Related Dopaminergic Neuronal Death.
Title: Changes in Gut Microbiome Following Acupuncture and Moxibustion in Patients With Parkinson Disease: Protocol for a Single-Group, Prospective, Observational Study.
Title: Reply to "Biallelic Variants in EPG5 Gene Are Associated With Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Letter Concerning Biallelic Variants in EPG5 Gene Are Associated with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Clinical Outcome Assessments in Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review of Current Rating Scales and Future Needs.
Title: Mediation analysis for integrating motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease, cognitive function, and gait characteristics.
Title: The Precuneus Region Drives Brain Network Changes in Tremor-Dominant Parkinson's Disease: Insights from a Morphological Causal Analysis.
Title: AI Video Analysis in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review of the Most Accurate Computer Vision Tools for Diagnosis, Symptom Monitoring, and Therapy Management.
Title: Diagnostic Delays in Parkinson's Disease in Thailand: Clinical Pitfalls and Health System Barriers.
Title: Uric Acid and Impulse Control Disorders in Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
Title: Monoamine Oxidase Inhibitors in Drug Discovery Against Parkinson's Disease: An Update.
Title: Evaluation of Parkinson's Disease Motor Symptoms via Wearable Inertial Measurements Units and Surface Electromyography Sensors.
Title: PARKA AI: A Sensor-Integrated Mobile Application for Parkinson's Disease Monitoring and Self-Management.
Title: Voice-Based Early Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease Using Spectrogram Features and AI Models.
Title: Tiny Fish, Big Hope: Zebrafish Unlocking Secrets to Fight Parkinson's Disease.
Title: From Bench to Brain: Translating EV and Nanocarrier Research into Parkinson's Disease Therapies.
Title: In Vitro Antioxidant Activity and In Vivo Neuroprotective Effect of 
Title: Involvement of Neuroinflammation and Oxidative Stress in L-DOPA-Induced Dyskinesia in Parkinson's Disease: Role of Renin-Angiotensin System and ROCK Pathway.
Title: Effects of Agility Training with a Light-Based System on Balance and Functional Performance in Individuals with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Virtual Reality in the Neurorehabilitation of Patients with Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease: Pilot Study.
Title: The Effect of Intraocular Haloperidol on Motor Function in Models of Two Neuropsychiatric Disorders: Implications for the Origin and Treatment of Parkinson's Disease, Psychosis and Drug Addiction.
Title: Effects of Whole-Body, Local, and Modality-Specific Vibration Therapy on Gait in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Dissociation of Clinical Outcomes and CSF Proteinopathy Biomarkers in Parkinson's Disease: Cognitive-Affective Dissociation with Specificity for Tau.
Title: Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease-A Narrative Review.
Title: Bolus MPTP Injection in Aged Mice to Mimic Parkinson Disease: Effects of Low-Dose Antioxidant Treatment with Fullerene (C
Title: Diagnostic Accuracy of DaTQUANT
Title: Chromosome 12 and Environmental Factors in Parkinson's Disease: An All of Us Data Analysis.
Title: Skeletal Muscle 
Title: Subthalamic beta peak power ratio as an electrophysiological marker for deep brain stimulation contact selection in Parkinson's disease.
Title: FGF21 confers neuroprotection in Parkinson's disease by activating the FGFR1-sirt1 pathway.
Title: Improved oxygen saturation after deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Machine learning identifies lactate metabolism biomarkers and deciphers immune infiltration landscapes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Synergistic blood-based diagnostic value of AP3B1 and BMPR2 in Parkinson's disease.
Title: [Neuroprotective effects of idebenone combined with borneol via the dopamine signaling pathway in a transgenic zebrafish model of Parkinson's disease].
Title: G protein-coupled Estrogen Receptor Activation Exerts Protective Effects via Modulating Brain and Gut NLRP3 Inflammasome in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Anodal M1 tDCS shapes frequency-specific functional connectivity and network topology in Parkinson's disease.
Title: 3D-generation of high-purity midbrain dopaminergic progenitors and lineage-guided refinement of grafts supports Parkinson's disease cell therapy.
Title: Age-matched comparison of focused ultrasound thalamotomy for tremor in Parkinson's disease and essential tremor: A two-center retrospective study.
Title: Hemispheric lateralization of dopamine transporter binding in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Validity, reliability and agreement of the two-minute step test in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Accelerated Progression of Gait Impairment in Parkinson's Disease and REM Sleep Without Atonia.
Title: Designing for dignity: Co-creating mainstream adaptive eating utensils for people with Parkinson's.
Title: Artifact Suppression in OPM-MEG for Parkinson's Disease Patients with DBS Implants Using Oblique Projection-Based Extended Homogeneous Field Correction.
Title: Multi-Channel Spectro-Temporal Representations for Speech-Based Parkinson's Disease Detection.
Title: Microsaccade Activity During Visuospatial Working Memory in Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Risk of Cognitive Decline in Women with Parkinson's Disease Is Reduced by Early Age at Menarche.
Title: Computational Evaluation of Potential c-Abl Kinase Inhibitors for Parkinson's Disease: QSAR, Docking, Bioisosteric Replacement, ADMET, and MD Simulations.
Title: Linking diet, gut microbiota, and metabolites to Parkinson's disease risk: a shotgun metagenomic comparison of Japanese and Taiwanese cohorts.
Title: LRRK2 and the fragile synapse: a molecular prelude to Parkinson's disease?
Title: A Conserved MicroRNAs Motif Reveals TDP-43 Pathology and MAPK Pathway Activation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The impact of diet on Parkinson's disease risk: A data-driven analysis in a large Italian case-control population.
Title: When Parkinson's disease interferes in a couple's life: A qualitative study.
Title: Reply: "Treatment Options for Motor Fluctuations in Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Treatment Options for Motor Fluctuations in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Staging and markers in Parkinson's disease and Lewy body disorders: narrative review.
Title: Concentration-dependent effects of bacterial melanin on new superoxide-producing associates in rat tissues: a rotenone neurotoxic model of parkinson's disease.
Title: The Parkinson's disease-associated LRRK2-G2019S variant restricts serine metabolism, leading to microglial inflammation and dopaminergic neuron degeneration.
Title: Adherence to Animal Research: Reporting of In Vivo Experiments Guidelines in Stem Cell Studies in Animal Models of Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Effects of a specific rehabilitation protocol on muscle mass and function in Parkinson's disease: a multicenter prospective study.
Title: Effects of resistance and balance training on motor and non-motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis.
Title: Basal Forebrain Volume and Concurrent Hallucinations and Mild Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Longitudinal Evaluation of an Abbreviated Patient-Reported Movement Disorder Society-sponsored revision of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (MDS-UPDRS) for Predicting Dopaminergic Therapy Initiation in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Further Investigation of Catechol-O-Methyltransferase Gene and Parkinson's Disease Susceptibility in the UK Biobank Cohort.
Title: Relationship between striatal dopaminergic depletion and cognitive milestone in Parkinson's disease: A comprehensive analysis of striatal subregions, laterality, and nonlinear relationships.
Title: prm-PASEF-Based Quantification and Isomeric Model for Extended Coverage of Human Plasma Lipidome in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Real-world evidence of pimavanserin utilization among patients with Parkinson's disease psychosis: a review of real-world data that augments data from randomized controlled trials.
Title: Dysregulation of melatonin rhythm in Parkinson's and Huntington's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Attention-based Transformer-LSTM architecture for early diagnosis and staging of early-stage Parkinson's disease using fNIRS data.
Title: Parkinson's disease beyond the brain: implications for treatments.
Title: Metabolic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Computational analysis of two novel deep brain stimulation pulsing patterns on a thalamocortical network model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Research on Parkinson's disease immunotherapy: a bibliometric analysis via multiple databases.
Title: Food for thought: probiotic modulation of microglial activity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The senescent synapse: A look at autophagy, calcium handling, and mitochondrial bioenergetics at the synapse in ageing and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Enzyme Activity-Based Genome-wide Screening for Modifiers of Lysosomal Glucocerebrosidase Uncovers Candidate Risk Factors for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease, herpes simplex virus type 1, and nanopore sequencing: A case analysis.
Title: A Review of the Recent Advances in the Pharmacological Management of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: CRISP: a correlation-filtered recursive feature elimination and integration of SMOTE pipeline for gait-based Parkinson's disease screening.
Title: Social experiences of people living with Parkinson's disease in Ireland: A qualitative study.
Title: Vocal features based Parkinson's detection: An ensemble learning approach.
Title: Mixture effects of air pollutants on Parkinson's disease in adults ages 40+ in the United States from 2002 to 2016.
Title: Author Correction: Peripheral inflammation's variable impact on cognitive and symptomatic outcomes in Parkinson's disease: a longitudinal and cross-sectional analysis.
Title: The enhanced Wnt/β-catenin pathway upregulation by sacubitril/valsartan via neprilysin inhibition compared to valsartan in the rotenone induced Parkinson's disease rat model.
Title: Heel-Elevation Effects on Sit-to-Stand Movement in Patients with Parkinson's Disease-A Randomized Crossover Study.
Title: Neuroprotective mechanisms of sodium butyrate in Parkinson's disease in preclinical rodent models: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Glymphatic Function in Prodromal Parkinson's Disease: Associations With Symptoms, Gray Matter Volume, and Phenoconversion Risk.
Title: Human dental pulp stem cell-derived mitochondria restore mitochondrial function and promote neuroregeneration in a cellular model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Insulin-degrading enzyme confers neuroprotection in Parkinson's disease by inhibiting the Hippo signaling pathway.
Title: Investigation of the intervention mechanism of total flavonoids of Polygonum divaricatum L. on MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease mice based on the interaction between metabolomics and gut microbial diversity.
Title: Multi-omics analysis reveals the protective role of transcriptional enhancer factor and the pathogenic mechanism of monocytes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Esketamine relieves depressive-like behaviors in MPTP-induced Parkinson disease mice via GPR109A-dependent reduction of neuroinflammation.
Title: An involvement of ribonuclease L in Parkinson's disease via modulating the Th17/Treg balance by microRNA-7.
Title: Elevated TFEB expression with limited activation in peripheral blood mononuclear cells reflects altered lysosomal enzyme dynamics in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Unraveling synucleinopathies: Recent breakthroughs in Parkinson's disease therapy.
Title: Ultrasound-assisted enzyme extraction of Citri Exocarpium Rubrum (Juhong) polysaccharides and its structural characteristics and evaluation of improving Parkinson's disease through HDAC6/NLRP3 pathway.
Title: Participation of ethnic minorities in Parkinson's research: challenges and needs. A qualitative study.
Title: Determining clinically meaningful change: minimal clinically important difference for common depression scales in older adults with parkinson's disease.
Title: Exploring the Efficacy of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Managing Anxiety in People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Fractures in Parkinson's Disease: Pathophysiology, Prevention, and Orthopedic Outcomes.
Title: Effects of Melatonin Disorders on Parkinson's Disease: A Review of Mechanisms and Clinical Manifestations.
Title: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Non-Invasive Nerve Stimulation Interventions on Dysphagia in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Peripheral-central immune interactions in Parkinson's disease: insights into innate and adaptive immunity.
Title: First steps matter: gait initiation reveals emotion-driven motor compensation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A Network Centered on the Visual-Motor Cortex Is Critically Involved in Postural Abnormality in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Identification of exosome-related gene biomarkers for parkinson's disease: a multi-omics approach for early diagnosis and therapeutic targeting.
Title: Parkinson's disease-associated camptocormia: biopsy-confirmed focal myositis and treatment options.
Title: A systematic review and meta-analysis on glymphatic flow dysfunction in Parkinson's disease and Parkinsonism spectrum.
Title: Neural signatures of turn-induced freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease: insights from phase-specific cortico-subthalamic dynamics.
Title: Effects of exercise modalities on cognitive function and depression in patients with Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Bilateral acute limb ischemia complicating incessant supraventricular arrhythmias in wolff-parkinson-white syndrome: evaluating thromboprophylaxis across multiple cardioversions.
Title: Effects of Ghrelin Hormone on Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review of the Existing Literature.
Title: Ultrasound Characteristics of the Substantia Nigra in Parkinson's Disease Patients With Different Motor Subtypes.
Title: Parkinson's disease and reading performance.
Title: Transcranial Ultrasound Stimulation of Internal Globus Pallidus Region and Motor Cortex in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Sensorimotor perturbation-induced cortical responses by a novel PES system: analysis of the N1 component in healthy adults and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluation of the therapeutic effect of adaptive deep brain stimulation on motor symptoms and sleep disturbances in Parkinson's disease and construction of a response prediction model.
Title: Use of nutritional supplements and other complementary medicine methods among patients with Parkinson's disease in Lithuania.
Title: Modulation of brain activity and tremor severity by NeuroEpo in Parkinson's patients with varying tremor amplitudes.
Title: Cognitive changes preceding Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective population-based studies.
Title: Effects of a Four-Strain Probiotic on Gut Microbiota, Inflammation, and Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Therapeutic Horizons for Parkinson's Disease: Current Relevance of PNA5 in Memory and Cognition.
Title: Exploring Indole-Based Molecules as Novel Therapeutics for Parkinson's Disease: A Comprehensive Review.
Title: Disruption of low-frequency narrowband EEG microstate networks in Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Effect of dual-task interference on upper extremity motor experience with Parkinson's disease motor effect of dual-task in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The development and emerging trends in Parkinson's disease from the perspective of mitochondrial dysfunction: a bibliometric analysis using CiteSpace.
Title: Differential gait disturbances in patients with Parkinson's disease and normal pressure hydrocephalus.
Title: B-type natriuretic peptide in Parkinson's disease: a novel biomarker of dysautonomia.
Title: Unipolar recordings of beta power inform initial programming of the subthalamic nucleus in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Long-Term Motor and Cognitive Outcome of Deep Brain Stimulation in Patients With Parkinson Disease With a 
Title: Anticipatory postural adjustments during gait initiation in people with parkinson's disease: a systematic review.
Title: Short-Chain Fatty Acids as a Therapeutic Strategy in Parkinson's Disease: Implications for Neurodegeneration.
Title: Codeine as a Potential Drug Against Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: Report of Two Cases.
Title: Retraction: miR-335 targets LRRK2 and mitigates inflammation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Deep machine learning methods for Parkinson's disease diagnosis: a new direction in decision-making systems.
Title: Creating and Evaluating a Prediction Equation for VO 2peak in Individuals with Early Stage, Never Medicated Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Causal Relationship Between Palmitoylation Genes and Parkinson's Disease: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Title: Understanding individual neurodegenerative progression in Parkinson's disease through normative modelling.
Title: Multidimensional factors of health-related quality of life in parkinson's disease using ensemble learning and network analysis.
Title: Peripheral cytokine levels in patients with idiopathic parkinson's disease undergoing subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation.
Title: Neuroimaging transcriptomic analyses of Parkinson's disease highlight molecular, cellular, and neurobiological mechanisms.
Title: Peripheral immune cell-specific genes in Parkinson's disease uncovered by multi-omics with therapeutic implications.
Title: Neural networks reveal novel gene signatures in Parkinson disease from single-nuclei transcriptomes.
Title: Randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study to assess the efficacy and safety of antibiotic faecal microbiota transplantation in patients with Parkinson's disease (FLORA-PD): a study protocol.
Title: Association of chronic pain and analgesic use with the risks of Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease.
Title: Multi-target mechanisms of Creatine in Parkinson's disease: an in-silico and in-vivo investigation.
Title: Dysphagia and oropharyngeal bradykinesia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Turning Slowly Predicts Future Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease: A Decade-Long Longitudinal Analysis.
Title: A PLAN to address the Parkinson pandemic.
Title: Disturbed rest-activity rhythm in Parkinson's disease: Associations with motor severity and orthostatic hypotension.
Title: Gut microbiome differences in Parkinson's disease patients in Central Kerala population.
Title: Risk of Traumatic Injury in Patients With Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease: A Population-Based Matched Cohort Study.
Title: Identifying Druggable Inflammatory Proteins Causally Contributing to Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Feasibility of Simon Two-Stage Futility Trials in People with Early, Symptomatically Treated Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Voice-Assisted Technology as a Potential Tool for Addressing Speech and Voice Concerns Experienced by People With Parkinson's Disease and Other Conditions Presenting With Dysarthria: A Scoping Review.
Title: The gut microbiome promotes mitochondrial respiration in the brain of a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: Dysfunctional digestive tract highlights the metabolic hallmarks of nanoplastic-exacerbated Parkinson's pathology.
Title: "Recommendations for clinical study protocols for immune and inflammatory profiling in Parkinson's disease".
Title: Soy isoflavone Daidzein resembling the vertebrate steroid structure exhibits neuroprotection via mitochondrial biogenesis in rotenone induced Parkinson's disease in preclinical model.
Title: Deep brain stimulation rescues the homeostasis disruption of circulating D- and L-amino acids level in men with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Polygalae Radix extracts show anti-Parkinson's disease effects and reduce depression-like symptoms by modulating energy metabolism.
Title: Ultrasound elastography in the assessment of rigidity in Parkinson's disease: A scoping review.
Title: Posture stability and functional activity changes after transcranial photobiomodulation for patients with parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Rotenone accelerates endogenous α-synuclein spreading and enhances neurodegeneration in an intra-striatal α-synuclein preformed fibril injected mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Manifest Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome With a Posteroseptal Accessory Pathway Showing Right Posteroseptal Ventricular Insertion but Requiring Left Atrial Ablation for Retrograde Conduction Block.
Title: Fecal Microbiota Transplantation for Treatment of Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Nonmotor symptoms in Parkinson's disease patients in South Asia: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: A Perspective on Improving Quality of Life of Parkinson's Disease Patients in Rural Nepal: Filling the Gaps.
Title: Multi-omics identifies microbiota-derived deoxycholic acid as a key mediator of blood-brain barrier dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Aerobic exercise improves clinical symptoms in people with Parkinson's disease and its potential mechanism.
Title: Community engagement studios to improve racial diversity and health equity in Parkinson's.
Title: Successful Use of Octreotide for Refractory Postural Hypotension in a Patient With Parkinson's Disease and Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction.
Title: Daily Fluid Intake in People With Newly Diagnosed Parkinson's Disease Is Reduced Compared With Controls.
Title: The role of cytochrome P450 and gut microbiome in drug metabolism: Insights into Parkinson disease treatment.
Title: The microlesion effect is associated with global cognitive impairment and predicts motor outcomes after subthalamic deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The role of lifestyle interventions in symptom management and disease modification in Parkinson's disease.
Title: [Parkinson's disease and the swallow tail sign].
Title: Environmental toxicants and Parkinson's disease: recent evidence, risks, and prevention opportunities.
Title: Longitudinal ultrasound assessment of vagus nerve morphology in isolated REM sleep behavior disorder and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Selective detection of Selegiline in Parkinson's patient urine via CuAAC-mediated fluorescence quenching of Azide-modified carbon dots.
Title: Discrepant Views of Apathy in Patients and Caregivers: the Role of Cognitive Deficits in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Neurotherapeutic effects of Vutiglabridin as a Paraoxonase-2 modulator in preclinical models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Optimizing the MDS-UPDRS Part III for early-stage Parkinson's: early supportive evidence for a limb-related bradykinesia/rigidity sub-score.
Title: L-Dopa-modified microtubules lead to synapse instability in cultured neurons: possible implications in Parkinson's disease therapy.
Title: Should ITSN1 be considered as a Mendelian Parkinson's disease gene? Description of three novel families.
Title: Reply to comment on "Psychological well-being of individuals with Parkinson's disease and their caregivers: A one-year follow-up study of patient-caregiver dyads".
Title: Targeting autophagy via mitochondrial uncoupling: Discovery of novel serratin derivative as a potential therapeutic for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Development of composite scales for assessing disease progression and treatment effects among patients with Parkinson's disease in a clinical trial setting.
Title: Parkinson's disease mild cognitive impairment with MRI evidence of cholinergic nucleus 4 degeneration: A new subtype?
Title: A literature review on vibrotactile stimulation devices for individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Infusion therapies for Parkinson's disease: where are we in 2025?
Title: Apathy, effort-based decisions and brain integrity in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Title: Distinct cutaneous α-synuclein signatures in body-first and brain-first Parkinson's disease subtypes.
Title: Managing fatigue in Parkinson's disease: Preparing for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Efficacy of Unilateral Deep Brain Stimulation for Gait Enhancement in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Perceptions of neuromuscular electrostimulation of patients with Parkinson's disease and their caregivers: the impact on swallowing and speech from a qualitative perspective.
Title: Analyzing the 'Bradykinesia Complex' in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Down-regulation of HSPA9 reduces tyrosine hydroxylase-positive neurons in mouse substantia nigra and induces Parkinson's disease-like motor impairments.
Title: Evaluating the efficacy of probiotics in treating Parkinson's disease model rats using magnetic resonance enhanced gradient echo T2-weighted angiography sequence.
Title: Exploring the relationship between 
Title: Combined with multimodal medical imaging and artificial intelligence for early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: RAB32-Linked Parkinson's Disease: Deep Phenotyping, MDSGene Literature Review, and Application of SynNeurGe Criteria.
Title: Dynamic Prediction Using Functional Latent Trait Joint Models for Multivariate Longitudinal Outcomes: An Application to Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Rapamycin and Autophagy: Potential Therapeutic Approach for Parkinson's Disease Treatment.
Title: Assessing Veterans With Gulf War Illness for Prodromal Parkinson's Disease Risk With the REM Behavioral Sleep Disorder Questionnaire.
Title: Intranasal delivery of DPSC-derived small extracellular vesicles-encased phloroglucinol attenuates non-motor and motor deficits and promotes neurogenesis in an in vivo rat model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluation of implicit motor learning across body segments in Parkinson's disease vs. healthy controls.
Title: Characterizing the distinct neuroanatomical phenotypes, cognitive profiles, and transcriptomic signatures of brain structural subtypes in Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Dynamic network reconfiguration in Parkinson's disease: associations with cognition and transcriptional signatures.
Title: Decreased DNA methyltransferase 1 level in blood cells in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Rhynchophylline self-micelle solid dispersion integrated in situ gel against Parkinson's disease by intranasal delivery.
Title: Clinical and transcranial sonographic correlates of orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of Motor Imagery on Tremor in a Patient With Parkinson Disease Undergoing Intraoperative Testing.
Title: Co-treatment Strategy Supports Neuroprotection by Intersecting p62-Keap1-NRF2 and Autophagy Signaling Pathways in the Cellular Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Spatial metabolomics reveals the effects of Acanthopanax senticosus on region-specific alterations in neurotransmitters and metabolites levels in the brains of α-syn transgenic Parkinson's disease model mice.
Title: Tenuigenin targets Trim31 and NF-κB pathway to protect dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease mice.
Title: Evoked Resonant Neural Activity Reveals an Electrophysiologic Sweet Spot for Directional Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: PET-MRI biomarkers reveal efficacy of a novel NLRP3 inhibitor in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Speculation on the Mechanism of Parkinson's Disease Induced by Risk Residual Pesticides in Fresh Jujube and Hawthorn Through Network Toxicology and Molecular Docking Analysis.
Title: 
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of Betanin in a Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease: Behavioural and Neurotransmitter Pathway Insights.
Title: Gut Permeability and Microbiota in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanistic Insights and Experimental Therapeutic Strategies.
Title: Special Issue: "New Challenges of Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Lysosomal Network Defects in Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease Patients Carrying Rare Variants in Lysosomal Hydrolytic Enzyme Genes.
Title: The Interplay Between CB
Title: Using 
Title: Gut Microbiome as a Source of Probiotic Drugs for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Preliminary User-Centred Evaluation of a Bio-Cooperative Robotic Platform for Cognitive Rehabilitation in Parkinson's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment: Insights from a Focus Group and Living Lab in the OPERA Project.
Title: Effectiveness of Electroencephalographic Neurofeedback for Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Exploring the Effectiveness of Immersive Virtual Reality Rehabilitation for Parkinson's Disease: A Narrative Review.
Title: Enhanced Detection and Segmentation of Sit Phases in Patients with Parkinson's Disease Using a Single SmartWatch and Random Forest Algorithms.
Title: Automated Shoulder Girdle Rigidity Assessment in Parkinson's Disease via an Integrated Model- and Data-Driven Approach.
Title: A New Methodological Approach Integrating Motion Capture and Pressure-Sensitive Gait Data to Assess Functional Mobility in Parkinson's Disease: A Two-Phase Study.
Title: Interference of functional dual-tasks on static posturography in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Machine learning-based stratification of mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a multicenter cross-sectional analysis.
Title: Response to: "Impact of Preoperative Cognition on Motor Improvement in Bilateral Subthalamic Nucleus-Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Apathy's hidden pathways: Psychosocial mediators of quality of life among people with early-onset Parkinson's disease.
Title: Peripheral renin-angiotensin system and cognitive decline in Parkinson's disease patients without co-morbidities.
Title: Associations between quality of life in communication and sociodemographic and clinical aspects of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Thermosensitive transniosomal 
Title: Unveiling Butyrate as a Parkinson's Disease Therapy.
Title: Expression of Genes Encoding Receptors for Classical Neurotransmitters, Neuropeptides and Hormones in the Substantia Nigra, Especially in Dopaminergic Neurons, in Intact Mice and Mouse Models of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments for impulsive-compulsive behaviors in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lived experiences, depression, and quality of life in Korean women with Parkinson disease after deep brain stimulation: a multimethod study.
Title: SHAP-based interpretable machine learning for Parkinson's disease severity prediction: integrated analysis of clinical and environmental features.
Title: Correction: Src inhibition attenuates neuroinflammation and protects dopaminergic neurons in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Global, Regional, and National Burdens of Parkinson's Disease in Adults Aged 20-50 Years, 1990-2021: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Effect of GLP-1RA on the Motor Function of Patients With Parkinson Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Exploring the mid-term impact of telemonitoring in Parkinson's disease: insights from adoption into clinical practice.
Title: Ginseng protein improves the subacute Parkinson's model.
Title: Reconsidering Central and Peripheral Contributions to Propranolol's Anti Tremor Effects in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The APOE ε4 allele affects the survival of patients with Parkinson's disease independent of dementia.
Title: Triple perspective: assessing deep brain stimulation outcomes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Chest mobility, cough strength, muscle strength, physical activity, and quality of life in parkinson's patients who had COVID-19.
Title: Delayed emergence of parkinson's disease after reversible manganese-induced parkinsonism: a case report.
Title: 18β-Glycyrrhetinic Acid Regulates Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress and Autophagy Dysregulation in the MPTP/p-Induced Model of Parkinson Disease.
Title: Decreased SNCA expression in whole-blood RNA analysis of Parkinson's disease adjusting for neutrophils.
Title: A multi-dimensional view on the etiology of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Proceedings of the world summit on parkinson's disease.
Title: Exposure to ambient air pollution and onset of Parkinson's disease in a large cohort study.
Title: Neurobiochemical alterations in patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease in sensorimotor cortex using 
Title: The role of mitochondrial genetics in Parkinson's disease: Long-read sequencing as an emerging method.
Title: Phase 1/2a clinical trial of hESC-derived dopamine progenitors in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Physical exercise and inflammation in Parkinson's disease: a review.
Title: Explainable machine learning algorithm predicting working memory performance in Parkinson's disease using task-fMRI.
Title: Pesticide Exposure and Parkinson's Disease: A Qualitative Study of Experiences in Ireland.
Title: Clinical MRI Biomarkers to Differentiate Parkinson Disease from Its Mimics.
Title: Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease Unmasked by Valproate-Induced Parkinsonism in a Patient With Vestibular Migraine.
Title: A Holistic Wellness Prescription for Parkinson's Disease: Evidence-Based Perspectives and Unmet Needs.
Title: GSDMD-Deficient G-MDSCs Exert Profoundly Suppressive Activity to Relieve MPTP-Induced Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Multimodal metabolic and functional network signatures for diagnosis of parkinson's disease: a PET/MR study.
Title: Structural and diffusion imaging in olfactory-related brain regions in Parkinson's disease: predictors of clinical progression.
Title: [Advances on transcranial electromagnetic stimulation in improving non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease].
Title: Dietary Supplementation with Six Percent Blueberries (Vaccinium corymbosum L.) Attenuates Neurodegeneration and Motor Deficits in a Parkinson's Disease Model.
Title: Progress in Disease-Modifying Therapies for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effect of a Wearable Sensor-Based Posture Correction Brace on Static Balance and Posture in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Identification and Synthesis of New Sea Cucumber Peptides Leveraging Peptidomics Technology, along with their Anti-Parkinson's Disease Efficacy.
Title: Emerging roles of Midnolin in Cancer, Parkinson's Disease, and Metabolic dysfunction.
Title: Association between nigrosome-1 appearance on MRI and fine motor function in healthy adults and people living with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Altered white matter connection from the locus coeruleus to the thalamus in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Correlation between brain structural features and early motor outcomes from deep brain stimulation in patients with Parkinson disease.
Title: A 15-year bibliometric analysis of body mass index moderation in the management of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Early parasympathetic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: insights from information-theoretic analysis.
Title: Effect of 12-week Practice of Anulom Vilom Pranayama as Adjunctive Therapy on the Cardiac Autonomic Balance, Cognition, Psychological Status, and Quality of Life in Individuals with Mild-to-Moderate Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Exploring the gut microbiota-Parkinson's disease link: preliminary insights from metagenomics and Mendelian randomization.
Title: Efficacy of gut microbiota-targeted therapies in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: An Unusual Motor OFF in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Moderate Chronic Treadmill Exercise Slows Dopaminergic Neuron Loss in a Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease and Alters RNA Content of Circulating Plasma Exosomes.
Title: Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms Correlation With Motor and Cognitive Function in Patients With Parkinson Disease.
Title: Evaluating the neuroprotective effect of GLP-1 receptor agonists in parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: The role of BDNF/PI3K/AKT/Nrf2 signaling in nicotine's protective effects against MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease: emerging opportunities through global collaboration.
Title: Green analytical methods for simultaneous determination of levodopa, carbidopa, and benserazide in Parkinson's drugs: The preferable superiority of the capillary electrophoresis comparing to the standard high performance liquid chromatography.
Title: Corrigendum to "Urolithin A improves Parkinson's disease-associated cognitive impairment through modulation of neuroinflammation and neuroplasticity" [Experiment neurology, 2025 Nov:393:115395, Manuscript ID during submission is EXNR-25-789, The proof reference is YEXNR_115395].
Title: Meta-analysis of differentially expressed non-coding RNA signatures (lncRNAs, miRNAs, and snoRNAs) in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Validation of markerless motion capture for spatiotemporal gait measures in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Generation of induced pluripotent stem cells (NIMHi018-A) from a Parkinson's disease patient harbouring a heterozygous missense mutation for PINK1 variant c.1208G > A, p.Trp403Ter.
Title: What is measured in dysphagia interventions in Parkinson's disease: An international online survey of dysphagia clinicians.
Title: Gut microbiota reconstitution and control of α-synucleinopathy with β-glucans: a promising approach for individuals with parkinson's disease.
Title: Rare but Relevant? Assessing Variants in Dystonia-Linked Genes in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Association of Non-Coding Repeat Expansions with Parkinson's Disease Risk: Evidence from a UK Biobank-Based Whole-Genome Sequencing Study.
Title: Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease: Don't Leave Patients in the Dark!
Title: Electroacupuncture Regulates Mitochondria-Endoplasmic Reticulum interactions via 
Title: Sex-related differences in phenotype and nigro-striatal degeneration of c-rel
Title: Lumbar vertebral degenerative and stenosis changes in parkinson's disease: A comparative Cross-sectional study.
Title: Targeting metabotropic glutamate receptors for symptomatic and disease-modifying treatment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A gait recognition architecture for early screening in the assessment of Parkinson's patients.
Title: Electrophysiological Signatures of Planned and Unplanned Continuous Movement Termination in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Improving Parkinson's disease management through wearable technology: A cost-benefit perspective.
Title: Association between 
Title: Association between 
Title: Exploring the relationships between clinical manifestations and sex hormones, thyroid hormones, and menstrual factors in female Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Glymphatic dysfunction as a potential driver of cerebral iron deposition in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Interactions between gut microbiota and parkinson's disease: the role of tryptophan metabolism.
Title: Feasibility, safety and efficacy of multi-dose vagus nerve stimulation in Parkinson's disease: a double-blind, randomised sham-controlled proof-of-concept study.
Title: A Multimodal Convolutional Neural Network Model for Parkinson's Disease Diagnosis Based on Fused Handwriting Dynamics Signals.
Title: HSPA4 restrains transferrin in dopaminergic neurons to attenuate ferroptosis in a Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Early-life microbiota dysbiosis as a link between Autism Spectrum Disorder and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Investigating the ageing-Parkinson's disease nexus: standardisation of in vitro models and techniques by the PD-AGE network.
Title: Rising Stars: Molecular Mechanisms and Chemical Interventions of α-Synuclein Amyloid Aggregation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: From kidneys to cognition: A novel perspective on Parkinson's Pathogenesis.
Title: In vivo and in vitro perspectives in Parkinson's disease: Mechanisms and the role of phytomedicine.
Title: O-GlcNAcylation Mediated by OGA Activates NEK7/NLRP3 Pathway to Promote Pyroptosis in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Polyneuropathy in Parkinson's disease and atypical Parkinsonian syndromes: clinical impact and risk factors.
Title: Effect of Telerehabilitation in Parkinson Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with gait training in patients with Parkinson's disease: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Antioxidants and Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Research Evidence and Prospectives Using the Drosophila Model.
Title: Apathy progression is associated with brain atrophy and white matter damage in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The effects of aquaporin-4 polymorphisms on glymphatic function and motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Diagnostic Potential of Macromolecular Proton Fraction Mapping Combined with Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping as a Subcortical Biomarker for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A comprehensive deep learning model for motor phenotypes of Parkinson's disease using three-dimensional kinect V2 detectors.
Title: An optimized framework for Parkinson's disease classification using multimodal neuroimaging data with ensemble-based and data fusion networks.
Title: Drug repurposing of dimethyl fumarate in Parkinson's disease: a promising disease-modifying strategy.
Title: Prevalence and Clinical Characteristics of Mirror Movements in a Chinese Cohort of Parkinson's Disease Patients.
Title: The role of vagus nerve stimulation in modulating Parkinson's disease via the microbiota-gut-brain axis: a comprehensive review.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of bavachalcone in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease: linking the gut-brain axis and systemic metabolism.
Title: Large-scale genetic characterization of Parkinson's disease in the African and African admixed populations.
Title: Perspectives on physical activity from people with Parkinson's disease who do not engage.
Title: Effects of levodopa on motor and cerebellar network connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multi-modal deep learning framework for early detection of Parkinson's disease using neurological and physiological data for high-fidelity diagnosis.
Title: Relating movement behaviours and non-motor characteristics in people with Parkinson's disease: A compositional data analysis approach.
Title: Retraction Note: Naringenin Decreases α-Synuclein Expression and Neuroinflammation in MPTP-Induced Parkinson's Disease Model in Mice.
Title: Sympathetic Shift and Insular Alteration: Unravelling the Link Between Anxiety and Heart Rate Variability in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of Asiatic Acid on Autophagy and Mitochondrial Integrity in a Parkinson's Disease Cellular Model.
Title: Foslevodopa/foscarbidopa (LDp/CDp) in advanced Parkinson's disease (aPD): demonstration of savings from a societal perspective in the UK.
Title: Prognostic Value of Parkinson's Disease Subtypes in the LABS-PD Cohort: Functional Ability, Quality of Life and Mortality.
Title: Meta-analysis of the therapeutic effect and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with pramipexole in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of combined transcranial direct current stimulation and gait training in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Integrated multi-omics highlights alterations of gut microbiome functions in prodromal and idiopathic Parkinson's disease.
Title: PARL stabilizes mitochondrial BCL-2 via Nur77-mediated scaffolding as a therapeutic strategy for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease and the gut-brain connection: unveiling pathways, mechanisms and promising therapies.
Title: Effect of Origanum majorana tea on oxidative stress biomarkers in Parkinson's disease: a randomized placebo-controlled pilot study.
Title: Home-Based Augmented Reality Exercise For People With Parkinson Disease: Qualitative Acceptability Study.
Title: Efficiently Identifying Non-FoG, Pre-FoG, Pre-FoG Transition, and FoG in Parkinson's Disease Patients Using Window Acceleration and Spline Function Features.
Title: [Oxidative stress and depression in Parkinson's disease].
Title: Uncertain Risk of Parkinson Disease Among People With Restless Leg Syndrome.
Title: Risk of Parkinson Disease Among Patients With Restless Leg Syndrome.
Title: Machine learning-based non-invasive Parkinson's disease diagnostic model using clinical blood biomarkers.
Title: Fully automated segmentation of substantia nigra toward longitudinal analysis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Temporin-1CEa and its Analog LK2(6)A(L) Confer Neuroprotective Effects in Parkinson's Disease Model by Attenuating Neuroinflammation Via the NF-κB and MAPK Signaling Pathways.
Title: Effects of levodopa-entacapone-carbidopa intrajejunal infusion on non-motor symptoms of advanced Parkinson's disease-interim analysis of the ELEGANCE study.
Title: Oropharyngeal dysphagia in Parkinson's disease - voice as a window into swallowing function.
Title: Re-Emergent Tongue and Jaw Tremor in Parkinson's Disease: A Case Series and a Literature Review.
Title: Ultrasonographic Detection of Fluid Collection in Parkinson's Disease Patients on Subcutaneous Infusion Therapy.
Title: Review of the Effects of Lifestyle Modification on Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Association between gout, hyperuricaemia and Parkinson's disease risk: a cohort study in western Sweden (2001-2017).
Title: Challenges and Opportunities of Early Parkinson's Disease Biomarkers: α-Synuclein, Leucine-Rich Repeat Kinase 2 (LRRK2), DJ-1, and microRNAs.
Title: Determining Medication Adherence in Patients Treated for Parkinson's Disease and Related Factors.
Title: Association of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in blood and cerebrospinal fluid with Parkinson's disease and non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of 6655 participants.
Title: Understanding Parkinson's disease: current trends and its multifaceted complications.
Title: A single Center study of the Symbol Digit Modalities test as a screening tool for cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Changes in the olfactory tract of patients with early Parkinson's disease: A DTI tractography study.
Title: A Rural Health Model for Parkinson's Care: The Clients' Perspective.
Title: Elucidating the Neuroprotective Mechanism of Geissoschizine Methyl Ether against Parkinson's Disease: Inhibition of Ferroptosis Pathway via Network Pharmacology and In Vitro Validation.
Title: Effects of Parkinson's disease on survival in cancer survivors: a retrospective, multicentre cohort study in Japan.
Title: Gender differences in depression, anxiety, and quality of life in Parkinson's disease before and after deep brain stimulation surgery: a multicentre cohort study.
Title: Spatiotemporal crosstalk among mitochondrial dynamics, NLRP3 inflammasome activation, and histone lactylation drives 
Title: Reviewer Comment on Kulshreshtha et al. "Transcranial Pulsed Current Stimulation (tPCS) in Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Trial".
Title: A Novel Network Pharmacology Strategy for Retrieving a Key Functional Component Group and Mechanisms in the Di-Huang-Yin-Zi Treatment of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: ParkEnNET: a majority voting-based ensemble transfer learning framework for early Parkinson's disease detection.
Title: Modified Mediterranean diet effects on Parkinson's disease (MED-PARK): a single-centre randomised controlled trial protocol.
Title: TREM2 deficiency aggravates neuroinflammatory response and cognitive impairment via disease-associated microglia in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: The interplay between obesity and triglyceride-glucose index in modulating Parkinson's disease risk: A cross-sectional NHANES study of middle-aged and young adults.
Title: Prevalence, contributing factors, and clinical impact of apathy in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Letter to the editor - "Preliminary analysis of the association between apolipoprotein E genotype, amyloid burden, and cognitive decline in non-demented Parkinson's disease patients".
Title: 2025 International Congress of Parkinson's Disease and Movement Disorders.
Title: Drooling in Parkinson's disease: A potential clinical marker of disease severity.
Title: The interrelationship of frailty, multimorbidity and disability in Parkinson's disease: PRIME-UK cross-sectional study.
Title: p75NTR Modulation by LM11A-31 Counteracts Oxidative Stress and Cholesterol Dysmetabolism in a Rotenone-Induced Cell Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Improvement in Motor Consistency and Stability with Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: Post Hoc Analysis of Two Phase 3 Clinical Trials.
Title: The Mitochondrial-Astrocyte-Neuron Triad Hypothesis in Parkinson's Disease: A Toxic Feedback Loop of Metabolism, Aggregation, and Oxidative Stress.
Title: Evaluating Parkinson's disease biomarkers in substantia nigra following sublethal γ-radiation exposure in a large animal model.
Title: Asperuloside: an emerging therapeutic candidate for Parkinson's disease through molecular mechanistic insights.
Title: DPP-4 inhibitor alleviates gut-brain axis pathology in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease participant-led research: Towards neuroimaging-assisted deep brain stimulation programming.
Title: PARKinSOUND: Impact of participation in an orchestra in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: A longitudinal study on physical activity in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Living Alone Is Associated with Discontinuation of Levodopa-Entacapone-Carbidopa Intestinal Gel Treatment in Advanced Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Genetic changes in regulatory immune cells induced by pramipexole and rotigotine: implications for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Prediction of Pathological Subthalamic Nucleus Beta Burst Occurrence in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Neuroanatomical changes in early Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment: gray matter and white matter damage.
Title: Validity of digital measurement of visual acuity and contrast sensitivity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Validating and Optimizing a 
Title: Evaluating the causal effect of mitochondrial dysfunction on Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease using Polygenic Risk Scores and Mendelian Randomization.
Title: Fall Frequency, Risk Factors, and Outcomes in Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
Title: Measuring Dopamine Transporter Availability and Synaptic Density in Parkinson's Disease: A Dual-Tracer Positron Emission Tomography Imaging Study.
Title: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease Patients in the Off State: A Randomized Controlled Crossover Trial Examining the Effects on Pain With and Without the Influence of Dopaminergic Medication.
Title: The need for developing consensus-based guidelines in assessing Parkinson's disease laterality.
Title: Mechanisms of inequitable access to parkinson's disease care: a critical interpretive synthesis.
Title: Resting and action tremor in Parkinson's disease: pathophysiological insights from long-term STN-DBS.
Title: Whole transcriptome analysis of peripheral blood mononuclear cells from de novo and drug-naive Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Boswellic acids as an adjunct therapy in Parkinson's disease: a double-blind clinical trial investigating on its effects on motor symptoms and inflammatory markers.
Title: HMGCR genetic variability in Parkinson's disease in a Spanish cohort: associations with lipid metabolism and early onset.
Title: Assessing rhythm reproducibility during gait after internal rhythm-learning tasks: a pilot study in healthy adults and patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Corrigendum: Association between freezing of gait and anticipatory postural adjustments in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Changes in Visual Evoked Potential and Optical Coherence Tomography in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Excessive daytime sleepiness and gait disturbances in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Microglia-associated research in Parkinson's disease: a bibliometric analysis.
Title: MFN2-a multifaceted guardian against Parkinson's pathophysiology: mitochondria, ferroptosis, inflammation and oxidative stress.
Title: Deep-learning segmentation of the substantia nigra from multiparametric MRI: Application to Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson disease treatments on national essential medicines lists, African Region.
Title: Large-scale visualization of α-synuclein oligomers in Parkinson's disease brain tissue.
Title: Parkinson disease is a fatty acidopathy.
Title: Altered habenular and whole brain functional connectivity in early Parkinson's disease using 7 T MRI.
Title: Epigenomic profile of GBA1 in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Ambient Trichloroethylene Exposure and Parkinson Disease Risk in Medicare Beneficiaries.
Title: Trichloroethylene and Parkinson Disease.
Title: Prevention of cognitive impairment and dementia in people with Parkinson's disease: A call-to-action.
Title: Ultrasmall inorganic nanoparticles repair damaged meningeal lymphatic vessels to boost Parkinson's disease therapy.
Title: Human leukocyte antigen in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of risk and clinical attributes.
Title: Quantitative analysis of striatal subregional asymmetry on 
Title: Acute Pharmacodynamic Effects of Oral Levodopa on Blood Pressure in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Mindful Chair Yoga in Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Study Exploring Motor, Cognitive, and Affective Outcomes.
Title: More Than Rapid Eye Movement Sleep Behavior Disorder: Sleep Differences in Parkinson's Disease LRRK2 and GBA Genotypes.
Title: Psychotherapy with a Caregiver of a Spouse with Parkinson's Disease: Integrating Systems and Individual Approaches.
Title: Validation of a Mitochondrial Polygenic Score for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Automated identification of early to mid-stage Parkinson's disease using deep convolutional neural networks on static facial images.
Title: Construction of a Rat Model of Hemilateral Parkinson's Disease Induced by Human Wild-Type α-Synuclein Overexpression.
Title: Burst-type deep brain stimulation of the subthalamic nucleus in Parkinson's disease: A case series on tolerability and efficacy.
Title: Exploration and validation of the immune-related genes signatures and potential molecular mechanisms shared between Alzheimer's disease (AD) and Parkinson's disease (PD).
Title: Dynamin-Related Protein 1 and the NLRP3 Inflammasome in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanistic Insights and Therapeutic Opportunities.
Title: Thalamic nuclei volume changes associated with cognitive and motor manifestations of Parkinson's disease.
Title: A systematic review of real-world gait-related digital mobility outcomes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of chemical constituents from Nicotiana tabacum L. in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Enhanced EfficientNet-Extended Multimodal Parkinson's disease classification with Hybrid Particle Swarm and Grey Wolf Optimizer.
Title: Motor imagery of usual walking and obstacle negotiation in early-stage Parkinson's disease: An electroencephalographic study.
Title: Surface electromyographic profiles during gait initiation in people with Parkinson's disease: The effects of external sensory cueing.
Title: Elucidate biomarkers and the molecular pathways associated with genetic variants that contribute to the etiology of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The effect of kinesiophobia on motor symptoms in individuals with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Reply to: "Early Indian Age at Onset of Parkinson's: A Case for a Gene-Environment Lens".
Title: Early Indian Age at Onset of Parkinson's: A Case for a Gene-Environment Lens.
Title: Temporal Dynamics of Beta Power Related to the Stun Effect in Parkinson's Disease Patients after Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery.
Title: Analysis of National Sample Cohort From Korea for Epidemiological and Prognostic Aspects of Parkinson's Disease According to Time of Onset.
Title: Differential Peripheral NLRP3 Inflammasome Expression in Patients With Parkinson's Disease and Patients With Multiple System Atrophy.
Title: Conceptualizing a Personalized Care Pathway for Parkinson's Disease Using Wearable Sensors in Muslim Patients: The Ramadan Regime.
Title: Benign Bone Lesion With Incidental 18 F-PR04.MZ Uptake on PET/CT in a Patient With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Association between gout, hyperuricemia, and Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: PHLPP1 deficiency alleviates dopaminergic neurodegeneration and represses neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cross-regional radiomics: a novel framework for relationship-based feature extraction with validation in Parkinson's disease motor subtyping.
Title: Cross-sectional analyses between the dietary index for gut microbiota and Parkinson's disease in the middle-aged and elderly population.
Title: Association between mitochondrial DNA copy number and the risk of Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis and Mendelian randomization study.
Title: Potential new drug sources for the treatment of Parkinson's disease: flavonoid O-glycosides.
Title: BAP31 represses endoplasmic reticulum stress-mediated apoptosis and alleviates neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's Disease Medication Administration Timing Deviations and Contraindicated Medicine Use in Residential Aged Care: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Title: Association between ultra-short heart rate variability and risk of Parkinson's disease: a prospective cohort study.
Title: Therapeutic potential of nicotine in modulating oxidative and mitochondrial pathways in a 
Title: Reduced cerebrospinal fluid taurine is associated with nigrostriatal dopaminergic deficits in drug-naïve Parkinson's disease.
Title: Transcriptomic Analysis Reveals the Molecular Relationship Between Common Respiratory Infections and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Public Healthcare for People with Parkinson's Disease in Portugal: Rising to the Challenge.
Title: Parkinson's Disease as Illness Anxiety Disorder: A Rare Case Report.
Title: Efficacy and feasibility of virtual reality-based cognitive tele-rehabilitation in Parkinson's disease: A pilot randomized controlled trial on patients and caregivers.
Title: Epidemiology of autonomic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease (Review).
Title: Tracking prodromal Parkinson's disease: a five-year follow-up of the PARCAS cohort.
Title: Gut microbial community of patients with Parkinson's disease analyzed using metagenome-assembled genomes.
Title: Harnessing synaptic plasticity for sustained motor improvement in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neurotoxicity, α-synuclein pathology, and mitochondrial dysfunction: A comparative study of different mouse models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Oligodendrocyte precursor cells in the substantia nigra: Implications for Parkinson's disease.
Title: FKBP51: A new target for Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Incidence of Benzodiazepine and Benzodiazepine-Related Drug Use in People With and Without Parkinson's Disease-A Nationwide Cohort Study.
Title: Sirtuins in Parkinson's disease: Molecular mechanisms and pathophysiological roles.
Title: AMPK activation mitigates α-synuclein pathology and dopaminergic degeneration in cellular and mouse models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: SPTBN2- associated early-onset Parkinson's disease: A phenotypic expansion.
Title: E2E-TM: Dual-Way Feature Extraction and End-to-End Transformer Based Parkinson's Disease Diagnosis Using Integrated MR Imaging and Electroencephalogram Signals.
Title: Cognitive stimulation in Parkinson's disease with mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Management of osteoporosis in Parkinson's disease: A scoping review.
Title: The stem cell therapy option for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comparative efficacy of acupuncture-related therapies for Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Whole-brain computational modeling reveals disruption of microscale brain dynamics in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Objective real-world mobility patterns in Parkinson's disease: Driving and walking after levodopa dosing.
Title: Galectin-3 as a Key Driver of Neuroinflammation and α-Synuclein Aggregation in Parkinson's Disease: Unlocking New Paths for Biomarkers and Therapies.
Title: Longitudinal Study of Salivary Biomarkers in the Definition of Clinico-Molecular Progression of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Investigating the relationship between glymphatic dysfunction and motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multi-Domain CoP Feature Analysis of Functional Mobility for Parkinson's Disease Detection Using Wearable Pressure Insoles.
Title: Sympathetic Burden Measured Through a Chest-Worn Sensor Correlates with Spatiotemporal Gait Performances and Global Cognition in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Improving Alzheimer's Disease and Parkinson's Disease in Rats with Nanoemulsion and Byproducts Prepared from Cinnamon Leaves.
Title: Genetic Variants in Cytokines 
Title: Repeat Variants, Biomarkers, and Molecular Signatures in Parkinson's Disease: 
Title: Nanomedicine-Driven Modulation of the Gut-Brain Axis: Innovative Approaches to Managing Chronic Inflammation in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: p.N370S 
Title: Assessment of the Behavioral and Neurochemical Characteristics in a Mice Model of the Premotor Stage of Parkinson's Disease Induced by Chronic Administration of a Low Dose of MPTP.
Title: Cinnarizine, a Calcium Channel Blocker, Partially Prevents the Striatal Dopamine Decline and Loss of Nigral Dopamine Neurons in the Lactacystin-Induced Rat Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Correlates of Loneliness in Parkinson Disease During the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Longitudinal Study.
Title: LRRK2-Mediated Neuroinflammation-Induced Neuronal Dysfunctions in a Parkinson's and Alzheimer's Disease Cellular Model.
Title: Sex-Specific Association Between XPC rs2228001 Polymorphism and Parkinson's Disease Risk in a Mexican Population: A Case-Control Study Exploring Gene-Environment Interactions.
Title: Elevated Mean Corpuscular Hemoglobin Concentration as a Potential Peripheral Biomarker of Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Case-Control Study in a Mexican Population.
Title: Exploring the Feasibility of a Telematic Version of Parkinson's Disease-Cognitive Rating Scale (PD-CRS).
Title: HIITing Anxiety and Depression in Parkinson's Disease and Multiple Sclerosis-A Study Protocol of a Transdiagnostic Randomized Controlled Trial (HersenFIT).
Title: Association Between Upper Respiratory Tract Infections and Parkinson's Disease in Korean Populations: A Nested Case-Control Study Using a National Health Screening Cohort.
Title: Therapeutic Botulinum Neurotoxin Ameliorates Motor Deficits and Anxiety, Accompanied by Dopaminergic Neuroprotection and Diminished Microglia Burden in the MPTP-Induced Mouse Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Optimizing Gait Outcomes in Parkinson's Disease: The Effects of Musical Groove and Familiarity.
Title: Interaction Between α-Synuclein and DJ-1 in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Protective Mechanism of Broad Bean Extract on Parkinson's Disease Model Cells.
Title: Recent Advances in Parkinson's Disease Research: From Pathophysiology to Novel Therapeutic Approaches.
Title: Levodopa-Carbidopa-Entacapone Intestinal Gel for Advanced Parkinson's Disease-Results from a Monocentric Study Evaluating Both Motor and Non-Motor Manifestations.
Title: Ultrasonography of the Vagus Nerve in Parkinson's Disease: Links to Clinical Profile and Autonomic Dysfunction.
Title: Sleep stage mixing is associated with poor prognosis in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Synaptic vesicle endocytosis deficits underlie cognitive dysfunction in mouse models of GBA-linked Parkinson's disease and dementia with Lewy bodies.
Title: Hypoxic conditioning in Parkinson's disease: randomized controlled multiple N-of-1 trials.
Title: VPS13C heterozygous loss of function as a modifier for suboptimal response to levodopa in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comparison of Two Auditory-Perceptual Evaluation Indexes, CAPE-V and GRBAS (Machine Learning), in Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Antipsychotics for Parkinson's disease: a protocol for a systematic review with network meta-analysis and trial sequential analysis.
Title: Outcomes after spinal deformity surgery in patients with Parkinson's Disease: a propensity matched analysis.
Title: Comparative analysis of trunk sensor placement in people with and without Parkinson's disease.
Title: Advice to people with Parkinson's in my clinic: How to manage running-induced dystonia.
Title: Targeting Metabolic Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease: The Role of GLP-1 Agonists in Body Weight Regulation and Neuroprotection.
Title: Neuroimmune crosstalk in Parkinson's disease: the pivotal role of microglia and infiltrating T cells.
Title: Relationship Between Each of the Four Major Motor Symptoms and At-Home Physical Activity in Individuals with Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: High-Accuracy Classification of Parkinson's Disease Using Ensemble Machine Learning and Stabilometric Biomarkers.
Title: Emerging Clinical Role of Tavapadon, a Novel Dopamine Partial Agonist, in the Treatment of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Role of Prucalopride in the Treatment of Chronic Constipation in Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Comment to "Further Considerations on the Research of Parkinson's Disease-Related Chronic Pain".
Title: The Effect of a Post-Learning Nap on Motor Memory Consolidation in People With Parkinson's Disease: A Randomised Controlled Trial.
Title: Computational modelling of Parkinson's disease: A multiscale approach with deep brain stimulation and stochastic noise.
Title: Bilateral Deep Brain Stimulation of the Subthalamic Nucleus or Globus Pallidus Internus Improves Gait Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Mapping the research landscape of Mild Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's disease: a bibliometric and visualization analysis.
Title: Subcutaneous foslevodopa/foscarbidopa initiation in a Parkinson's day-clinic - a suitable setting to ensure treatment efficacy, tolerability and psychosocial adaption.
Title: Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation can disrupt or reestablish neural entrainment in a primate model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of deep brain stimulation on patients with Parkinson's disease with excessive daytime sleepiness.
Title: Mortality From Parkinson's Disease With Influenza and Pneumonia as Contributing Causes in the United States, 1999-2020.
Title: Further Considerations on the Research of Parkinson's Disease-Related Chronic Pain.
Title: Novel Interdisciplinary Gastroenterology and Parkinson's Disease Clinic in a Parkinson's Center of Excellence.
Title: Effective Functional Pattern Between Prefrontal fNIRS Activity and Cognitive Performance in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: A Data-Driven PLS Approach.
Title: Three-dimensional midbrain organoids: a next-generation tool for Parkinson's disease modelling and drug discovery.
Title: Glycyrrhizic acid combined with human adipose-derived MSCs synergistically alleviates the MPP+/MPTP-induced parkinson's disease by inducing autophagy through PI3K/AKT/HIF-1α pathway.
Title: Effect of a continuous care model-based program on fatigue, self-efficacy, and quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effect of patient education interventions on non-motor symptoms and disease outcomes in parkinson's disease: a systematic review.
Title: A novel method to assess motor planning deficits in patients with parkinson's disease and mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Independent serum metabolomics approaches identify disrupted glutamic acid and serine metabolism in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Predicting Parkinson's disease and its progression based on radiomics in T1-weight images and α‑synuclein in cerebrospinal fluid.
Title: Genome-wide association study of REM sleep behavior disorder in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Visuospatial impairment in Parkinson's Disease: why we should keep an eye on it.
Title: Normal aging and Parkinson's disease: deciphering the neurophysiological changes affecting gait.
Title: Inhibiting MARS attenuates hyperhomocysteinemia-associated neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Therapeutic Potential of Flavonoids in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A Global-Local Dynamic Directed Graph Neural Network for Parkinson's Disease Detection.
Title: Survival of total knee arthroplasty in patients with Parkinson's disease: a registry study.
Title: Nasal Mucosa-Derived Ectodermal Mesenchymal Stem Cells for Parkinson's Therapy: From Developmental Insights to Application.
Title: Metabolic modeling links gut microbiota to metabolic markers of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impact of levodopa and deep brain stimulation on visual impairments in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Is self-perception related to speech perceptual analysis measures in early- and late-onset Parkinson's disease?
Title: The relationship between orthostatic hypotension and cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Effect of leukotriene receptor antagonist use on the future risk of Parkinson's disease in older patients with asthma.
Title: Association Between Different Types of Lipids and Alzheimer's Disease, Parkinson's Disease, and Epilepsy: A Mendelian Randomization and Bioinformatics Analysis.
Title: Distinct spatial transcriptomic patterns of substantia Nigra in Parkinson disease and Parkinsonian subtype of multiple system atrophy.
Title: Allogeneic bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells in the aging kidney: secondary results of a Parkinson's disease clinical trial.
Title: A rationally designed microbial consortium modulates neurodegeneration in a Drosophila melanogaster model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Role of Laryngology Evaluation in Parkinson Dysphonia Therapy: Process Evaluation and Outcomes.
Title: Subthalamic deep brain stimulation alleviates the gait sequence effect and freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Gut-induced alpha-Synuclein and Tau propagation initiate Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease co-pathology and behavior impairments.
Title: Liquiritin in Chaihu-shugan-san alleviates Parkinson's Disease via PPARα-mediated inhibition of SCD1/FADS2-dependent Ferroptosis.
Title: Reliability of a procedure for segmenting extemporaneous speech produced by speakers with Parkinson disease.
Title: α-Synuclein Pathology from Kidney to Brain in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Impact of Adjunctive Istradefylline on Dyskinesia Onset in Patients with Parkinson's Disease Exhibiting Wearing-Off: An Open-Label Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effect of aging on biomarkers and clinical profile in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Micro- and nanoscale biosensing technologies for early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Beyond the brain: The colorectal impact of Parkinson's disease.
Title: High Cerebrospinal DOPA Decarboxylase Level Predicts Cognitive Decline in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Loss of DJ-1 alleviates microglia-mediated neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease via autophagy-lysosomal degradation of NLRP3.
Title: Virtual reality in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Research progress on natural products in regulating the gut microbiota in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of different frequencies of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on sleep disorders and depression in patients with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Particle swarm optimization framework for Parkinson's disease prediction.
Title: N-acetylcysteine for Parkinson's disease: a translational systematic review of mechanistic and early clinical data.
Title: Does COMT Play a Role in Parkinson's Disease Susceptibility across Diverse Ancestral Populations?
Title: Refining Video Urodynamic Study-Based Differentiation of Parkinson's Disease and Multiple System Atrophy: Methodological Gaps and Interdisciplinary Directions.
Title: Efficacy of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of sleep disorders in the early stage of Parkinson disease: A single-center double-blind controlled study.
Title: Symptom onset lateralization and bilaterality in Parkinson's disease: Clinical implications of motor and non-motor profiles.
Title: The effect of subthalamic nucleus deep brain stimulation on speech metrics in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Healthcare access and utilization of deep brain stimulation and supplementary care in black and white patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association Between Patient Activation and Health Behaviors in People With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Targeting mGluR7 in Parkinson's disease: a novel approach to neuroprotection and synaptic therapies.
Title: Management of neuropsychiatric, motor and non-motor symptoms in Parkinson´s disease after long distance air travel: a consensus view.
Title: Restoration of locomotor function following stimulation of the A13 region in Parkinson's mouse models.
Title: Comparing Parkinson's Disease Medications Categorised by Location in New South Wales, Australia: Linking the 45 and Up Study and the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme (PBS) Data.
Title: Assessing healthcare resource utilization burden and unmet treatment needs in patients with Parkinson's disease: results from a real-world study.
Title: Medication Adherence: A Reimbursable Theory-Guided Evidence-Based Educational Intervention for Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Animal Models of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: α-Synuclein Biomarkers for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Parkinson's Disease, Second Edition.
Title: Early detection of Parkinson's disease via aptamer-CRISPR platform.
Title: Can Intrinsic Capacity Help Identify Those at Risk of Parkinson Disease?
Title: Intrinsic Capacity Defined Using 4 Domains, Genetic Risk, and Incident Parkinson Disease: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Title: Obstructive sleep apnea, periodic limb movements, and REM sleep without atonia are common in Parkinson's disease and correlate with motor symptom burden.
Title: Long-Term Personalized Adaptive Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson Disease: A Nonrandomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Nonmotor fluctuations in Parkinson's disease: impact on caregiving and quality of life.
Title: Association between the degree of Parkinson's disease progression and the oral environment.
Title: Polygenic scores contribution to Parkinson's disease comorbidities.
Title: Knowledge of Parkinson's Disease, Perceptions of Deep Brain Stimulation, and Attitudes Toward Its Use Among Patients in Morocco: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Cost-Effectiveness of Opicapone Versus Entacapone as Adjuvant Therapy for Levodopa-Treated Individuals With Parkinson's Disease Experiencing End-of-Dose Motor Fluctuations.
Title: Automatic differentiation of Parkinson's disease motor subtypes based on deep learning and radiomics.
Title: Explainable machine learning for early detection of Parkinson's disease in aging populations using vocal biomarkers.
Title: Cognitive behavioral therapy for anxiety and depression symptoms in people of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Fatal Lead Toxicity From Ayurvedic Supplements in a Patient With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Incidental vs. Engineered Nanoparticles in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease: Pathological Pathways and Therapeutic Interventions.
Title: Nose-to-brain siRNA delivery by PEI/PPI-based nanoparticles reduces α-synuclein expression in a Parkinson's disease mouse model.
Title: The effectiveness of art therapy on motor function in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Dispositional and situational empathy in Parkinson's disease and their relationship with cognition.
Title: Investigation of gastrointestinal tumor symptoms and risk factors in eighty patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Survival after Subthalamic Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease: 25-Year Experience from a Single Center.
Title: Glymphatic Dysfunction Is Related to Comorbidity of Parkinson's Disease and Anxiety: A Multimodal MRI Study.
Title: Using Magnetoencephalography to Advance the Science of Parkinson Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Association of SGLT2 inhibitors and GLP-1 receptor agonists with the risk of Parkinson's disease in patients with type 2 diabetes: A propensity score-matched cohort study with meta-analysis.
Title: DJ-1/PARK7 in Parkinson's disease: mechanisms of pathogenesis and therapeutic potential.
Title: Antioxidant efficacy of hydroxytyrosol, tyrosol, homovanillic alcohol, and their acetate derivatives in Parkinson's disease: A synergistic computational approach.
Title: Left bundle branch block on flecainide in Wolff-Parkinson-white syndrome.
Title: Camptocormia in Parkinson's disease: state of the art and future directions.
Title: Constipation preceding stroke, dementia and Parkinson's disease in middle-aged and older adults: a population-based cohort study.
Title: Further characterisation of the intrastriatal 6-OHDA Parkinson's disease model with non-motor symptom replication and widespread catecholamine dysfunction in male mice.
Title: Multimodal approach for early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease using PET imaging, tremor detection, and machine learning.
Title: Early-stage Parkinson's disease detection using multimodal brain-body biomarkers from fNIRS and IMU data.
Title: Development and validation of a nomogram for predicting malnutrition risk among patients with Parkinson's disease: A retrospective cohort study.
Title: Comment on 'Characteristics of the 18F-FDG and 18F-FP-DTBZ PET in patients with cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease'.
Title: Parkinson's Disease in Australia: Evaluation of Regional Differences and Health-Related Quality of Life.
Title: Role of Microglial Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease: From Multifactorial Causes to Neurodegeneration.
Title: Pre-excited atrial fibrillation in Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome.
Title: Coriander (Coriandrum sativum L. leaves) improves brain and gut pathology in mouse models of brain-first and gut-first Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lutein inhibits ferroptosis and reduces neuronal cell death induced by Parkinson's disease through the NRF2-HMOX2 signaling axis.
Title: Pharmacological profiling of Thiamet-G inhibitor in MPTP induced Parkinson's disease: Evidence from behavioral, biochemical, and histological studies.
Title: Assessment of sarcopenia tools as predictors of falls in patients with mild to moderate Parkinson's Disease: A cohort study.
Title: METTL14 Inhibits the Pyroptosis of Neurons in Parkinson's Disease via Upregulating NFE2.
Title: Chaperone nanomotors with chemotactic ability for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of monoclonal antibody therapies on depression in Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Reviving mitochondria to restore the mind: stem cell-based bioenergetic rescue in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Green-Synthesized Silver Nanoparticles with 
Title: Modeling Midbrain and Brainstem Neuromelanins to Characterize Metal Binding and Associated MRI Contrast in Parkinson's and Alzheimer's Diseases.
Title: Prevalence of Parkinson's Disease in a Town of the Central Highlands of Peru: A Population-Based Study.
Title: Approaches for treating cardiovascular symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Golexanolone affords sustained microglia and astrocytes activation improvement in a rat model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of transcranial alternating current stimulation on neurophysiologic motor function in Parkinson's patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Detection and Severity Assessment of Parkinson's Disease Through Analyzing Wearable Sensor Data Using Gramian Angular Fields and Deep Convolutional Neural Networks.
Title: Transmission Electron Microscopy-based characterization of Extracellular Vesicles from plasma and serum from Parkinson´s Disease patients.
Title: Consensus on the clinical utility of digital mobility outcomes for personalized clinical decision support in parkinson's disease.
Title: The Relationship between Care Dependency and Spiritual Care Needs of Parkinson's Patients in Turkey.
Title: Advanced P407/Tw80/βCD based Nasal Powders of Ropinirole Hydrochloride for Nose-to-Brain Delivery in Parkinson's Disease: Preparation and Comprehensive In Vitro and Ex Vivo Evaluation.
Title: Global burden of early-onset Parkinson's disease, 1990-2021: results from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2021.
Title: Toxic Tango in Parkinson's Disease: A dance between αSyn and iron import, export and speciation.
Title: Municipality-level incidence of clinically diagnosed amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease.
Title: 'Pathology is disease' Parkinson's mythology: The 'brain-first-body-first' case study.
Title: Analysis of parkinson's disease patients with Gastrointestinal symptoms using structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging.
Title: Sinomenine Modifies Parkinson's Disease Through Nrf2 Activation.
Title: The Effect of Genotype on Self-Reported Dysarthria and Dysphagia in Parkinson's Disease: A Parkinson's Progression Marker Initiative Study.
Title: How to Perform Open Window Mapping and Ablation in Patients with Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome: A Comprehensive Technical Guide Using CARTO™ and EnSite Electroanatomic Mapping Systems.
Title: Technical Feasibility of Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping Radiomics for Predicting Deep Brain Stimulation Outcomes in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Association between inflammatory markers (SII and SIRI) and anxiety levels in Parkinson's disease.
Title: No Evidence for Genetic Role of the Tumor Necrosis Factor Pathway in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Sex differences in behavioral measures of anxiety in a recessive gene knockout (
Title: Effectiveness of virtual reality rehabilitation with exergames on functional rehabilitation in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review of chronic randomized controlled trials.
Title: 3,4-Dihydroxyphenylglycol levels separate multiple system atrophy from Parkinson disease with orthostatic hypotension.
Title: Risk factors for mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Associations of diet-derived short chain fatty acids with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Fluorescent probes for α-synuclein biomarkers: Innovations in early diagnosis and therapeutic monitoring of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Intranasal AdipoRon improves motor function in a rat model of Parkinson's disease by promoting neurogenesis in the nigrostriatal pathway.
Title: Dynamic cheek surface modeling for enhanced hypomimia detection in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Apathy linked to higher amyloid burden and cognitive deterioration in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Gut microbial shifts toward inflammation in Parkinson's disease: Insights from pilot shotgun metagenomics Egyptian cohort.
Title: Expanding the Autosomal Recessive Gene Spectrum of Parkinson's Disease: A Study within the CPD10KGP.
Title: Correlation between gait parameters and clinical scales in individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of deep brain stimulation on personality and executive function in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Symptom Networks and Associations with Quality of Life in Patients with Early to Mid-Stage Parkinson's Disease: A Network Analysis.
Title: MRI Epicenters Differentiate Spatiotemporal Patterns of Neurodegeneration in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Association Between Dietary Fiber and Parkinson's Disease in the United States: NHANES 2005-2018.
Title: Exploring the mechanism of Zhengan Xifeng decoction in treating Parkinson disease based on network pharmacology and molecular docking.
Title: Letter to the editor: clinical utility of visual rating scales in detecting mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a focus on medial temporal and occipital atrophy.
Title: Subthalamic nucleus stimulation at high and low frequencies engages different brain networks to enhance gait performance in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Contralateral Spread of Asymmetrical Tremor in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Postural Instability in Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease: Determination of VEP, BAER, and SSEP Cutoff Values for an Early Screening of Fall.
Title: Functional characteristics, intercellular interactions and pathophysiological associations of astrocytes in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of Immersive Virtual Reality on Balance in People With Parkinson's Disease: A Case Series.
Title: Motor imagery combined with action observation integrated with physiotherapy in patients with Parkinson disease: Repercussions on functional capacity - case series study.
Title: Methodological validation of Miro1 retention as a candidate Parkinson's disease biomarker.
Title: Inhibitory effect of electroacupuncture on microglial activation via Notch1/Hes1 pathway in Parkinson's disease mice.
Title: Activity-guided isolation of sesquiterpene coumarins from Ferula assa-foetida as monoamine oxidase inhibitors: Investigation on their therapeutic implications in a mice model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroprotective effect of the herbal pair Coptidis Rhizoma-Cinnamomi Cortex against 6-OHDA-induced Parkinson's disease rats through promotion of autophagy via the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Title: Preclinical safety and toxicokinetic evaluation of TJ0113, a first-in-class mitophagy inducer for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Promises, hopes, and dreams in Parkinson's disease research.
Title: The temporal order of genetic, environmental, and pathological risk factors in Parkinson's disease: paving the way to prevention.
Title: Predictors of MRI-estimated brain iron deposition in dementia and Parkinson's disease-associated subcortical regions: Genetic and observational analysis in UK Biobank.
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of Intranasally Administered Octadecaneuropeptide Analog in a Mouse Model of MPTP-Induced Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Five-Year Outcomes from Deep Brain Stimulation of the Subthalamic Nucleus for Parkinson Disease.
Title: Retinal microvascular alterations in Parkinson's disease: visual analysis and meta-analysis.
Title: Curcumin treatment reduces motor impairments and protects against rotenone-induced neurodegeneration in a rat model of Parkinson disease.
Title: Biomimetic Nanoregulators Mediated Tyrosine Hydroxylase mRNA and Stimulator of Interferon Genes Antagonist Codelivery for Synergistic Therapy on Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Development and Acceptability Testing of a Patient Decision Aid on Levodopa Intestinal Gel for Parkinson Disease.
Title: Correction to "Shingles Vaccination Reduces the Risk of Parkinson's Disease".
Title: GLP-1 receptor agonists in Parkinson's disease progression: a meta-analysis with trial sequential analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Thymoquinone and madecassoside improve motor function in a rotenone-induced mouse model of early Parkinson's disease: Role of dopamine, alpha-synuclein and mBDNF.
Title: Measuring Rigidity During Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery: Evidence of Clinical Benefits in Patients With Advanced Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Interaction of Smoking and Genetic Polymorphisms in the Dopaminergic Pathway in Relation to Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review.
Title: Neurovascular Changes in the Retina of Parkinson's Disease Patients: A Comprehensive Study on Disease Severity, Levodopa Dosage, and Stroke Risk.
Title: The 
Title: Alternative pre-mRNA Splicing and Gene Expression Patterns in Midbrain Lineage Cells Carrying Familial Parkinson's Disease Mutations.
Title: Othello Syndrome Induced by Dopamine Agonists in Parkinson's Disease: A Case Report.
Title: Dissolvable Microneedles Embedded with Chitosan Nanoparticles for Transdermal Delivery of Pramipexole Dihydrochloride in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cortical Single-Cell Primers of Abnormal Brain Activity in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A high triglyceride-glucose index correlates with cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Medication Adherence in Parkinson's Disease: Longitudinal Changes and the Influence of Depressive Symptoms.
Title: Research progress of multimodal biomarkers in the early diagnosis of mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Reply: "PGRN Manifesting as Parkinson's Disease: Counseling and Treatment Implications".
Title: PGRN Manifesting as Parkinson's Disease: Counseling and Treatment Implications.
Title: Very High Frequency of Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease and PRKN Mutations among Indigenous Patients in Sabah, Malaysia.
Title: Association Between Healthy Eating Index-2015 and the Risk of Parkinson's Disease in American Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study From NHANES 2003-2018.
Title: Sequence Symmetry Analysis of the Interrelationships Between Ramelteon and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Ginsenoside Rk3 Alleviates Neuroinflammation and Gastrointestinal Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease via Modulation of Gut Microbiota-Mediated Butyric Acid Metabolism.
Title: Moyamoya Disease and the Risk of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Changes in gut microbiota and plasma metabolites in Parkinson's disease patients with pain as analyzed by 16S rDNA sequencing and LC-MS.
Title: Immunity in Parkinson's disease - the role of adaptive and auto-immune responses and gut-microbiome axis.
Title: A hybrid quorum sensing model for neurodynamic feature optimization in EEG-based Parkinson's disease detection.
Title: Treadmill walking alongside controlled speed and cadence improves gait parameters in Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: A Comparative Analysis of Psychiatric Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease Between Tremor-Dominant and Non-Tremor-Dominant Phenotypes.
Title: Single-subject gray matter networks in patients with early- to late-stage Parkinson's disease.
Title: Epigenetic mechanisms linking environmental exposure to Parkinson's disease: A comprehensive review.
Title: Low- vs. high-frequency deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: A two-center double-blind crossover trial.
Title: Explainable AI for Parkinson's disease prediction: A machine learning approach with interpretable models.
Title: Longitudinal decline in striatal DAT binding in LRRK2 Parkinson's disease: connections with CSF α-synuclein seeding activity.
Title: Pleiotropy and the Increasing Complexity of Parkinson's Disease Genetics.
Title: Parkinson's Disease Through the Lens of Metabolomics: A Targeted Systematic Review on Human Studies (2019-2024).
Title: Assessing the Generalizability of Foundation Models for the Recognition of Motor Examinations in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: InfraRed Thermographic Measurements in Parkinson's Disease Subjects: Preliminary Results.
Title: Effects of Exercise on Balance, Gait Speed, Quality of Life, and Symptom Relief Among Older Adults with Parkinson's Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials (RCTs).
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of Calpain Inhibition in Parkinson's Disease: Insights from Cellular and Murine Models.
Title: Glycated Alpha-Synuclein Assemblies Cause Distinct Parkinson's Disease Pathogenesis in Mice.
Title: The global, regional, and National burden of parkinson's disease in 204 countries and territories, 1990-2021: a systematic analysis for the global burden of disease study 2021.
Title: Characterizing the time of day and year of falls in people with probable Parkinson's disease.
Title: Current Perspectives and Practices in Infection-Related Movement Disorders (IRMD): Insights from a Survey of Members of the International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society.
Title: Add-on therapies to levodopa improve pain modulation in Parkinson's disease with motor fluctuations: A prospective cohort study.
Title: Brain-clinical signatures of basal ganglia-related dysfunctional reorganisation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Differences in intestinal microbiota in Parkinson's disease and isolated REM sleep behavior disorder.
Title: Incretin Hormones GLP-1 and GIP Normalize Energy Utilization and Reduce Inflammation in the Brain in Alzheimer's Disease and Parkinson's Disease: From Repurposed GLP-1 Receptor Agonists to Novel Dual GLP-1/GIP Receptor Agonists as Potential Disease-Modifying Therapies.
Title: Enhancing Reliability of Automated Remote Parkinson's Assessments: Real-World Video Quality Challenges.
Title: Combined Effects of Depression, Fatigue and Cardiovascular Dysfunction on Functional Dependence Over Seven Years in Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Atypical Psychosis in Parkinson Disease: A Retrospective Study on 24-Hour Continuous Subcutaneous Infusion of Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa.
Title: Nilotinib and imatinib: potential candidates for treatment of dementia and Parkinson's disease through national health insurance data.
Title: Understanding the progression of Parkinson's disease: a review.
Title: Clinical Effect on Cortical Reactivity of Theta Burst Versus High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease: A TMS-EEG Study.
Title: Tannic Acid-Iron Complex-Based Nanozyme Ameliorates Parkinson's Disease via Relieving Oxidative Stress and Neuroinflammation.
Title: Frontiers in Digital Technology for Remote Monitoring and Home Management in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Covalent inhibitors in Parkinson's disease: Molecular targeting strategies for neuroprotective intervention.
Title: High-frequency rTMS and home-based exercise in individuals with Parkinson's disease: A double-blind randomized controlled trial.
Title: Temporal and Spatial Dynamics of Motor Dysfunction in Preclinical Parkinson's Disease and Aging.
Title: Exercise as a multitarget therapy: modulating myokines, neurotrophins, and inflammation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Effects of Short-term Intensive Inpatient Rehabilitation on Motor, Non-motor, and Neuropsychological Functions in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Mapping the distribution of neurotransmitters to resting-state functional connectivity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Advances in transcranial magnetic stimulation for psychological symptom management in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The effects of nine types of exercise rehabilitation therapies on improving limb balance, cognitive and emotional function, and quality of life in elderly patients with Parkinson's disease: a network meta-analysis of 55 RCTs.
Title: Bilateral Putaminal Convection of Adeno-Associated Virus Vector Serotype 2 Glial Cell Line-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Gene Therapy in Parkinson's Disease May Provide Glial Cell Line-Derived Neurotrophic Factor Transgene Expression to Caudate Nucleus: Potential Role of Perivascular and Other Low Resistance Leakage Pathways.
Title: Digital Cueing With Laser Shoes Does Not Improve Walking in Parkinson's Disease: Evidence Across Disease Severity and Freezing Status.
Title: Surgicogenomics in Genetic Parkinson's Disease: A Single-Center Experience From a Tertiary Care Center.
Title: The Landscape of Parkinson's Disease Treatment in India: A National Cross-Sectional Survey of Clinical Practitioners.
Title: "Dozing off" in the car and excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in Parkinson's disease: a survey of 125 patients.
Title: Is the Time Right to Start Testing if Late-Onset Depression is Associated With the Development of an α-Synucleinopathy Like Parkinson's Disease? A Double Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: A whiff and a dream: Hyposmia and REM sleep behavior disorder manifestations map Parkinson's disease subtypes.
Title: Modeling neurodegeneration and neuroinflammation in Parkinson's Disease: Animal-based strategies.
Title: Potential causal association between immune cells, metabolites and Parkinson's disease: A mediation Mendelian randomization study.
Title: Differential modulation of movement speed with state-dependent deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Therapeutic Effect of Physical Activity in a Male Wistar Rat Model of Paraquat and Maneb-Induced Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Editorial for "Hemispheric Asymmetry of Neuromelanin-Iron Dysfunction in the Substantia Nigra: MRI-Based Evidence for Lateralized Motor Onset in Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Hemispheric Asymmetry of Neuromelanin-Iron Dysfunction in the Substantia Nigra: MRI-Based Evidence for Lateralized Motor Onset in Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A robust deep learning-driven framework for detecting Parkinson's disease using EEG.
Title: Effects of gut microbiota on cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a comprehensive Mendelian randomization and case-control study.
Title: The Impact of Integrating a Parkinson's Specialist Psychiatrist Into the Multidisciplinary Team on Patients With Parkinson's and Cognitive Impairment.
Title: Paeoniflorin Combined with Neural Stem Cell Transplantation for Parkinson's Disease: Dual Mechanism of Cell Therapy and Inflammation Regulation.
Title: Updates on Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Genetic Modifiers of Parkinson's Disease: A Case-Control Study.
Title: Hand muscle strength in Parkinson's disease: A Sarcopenic epiphenomenon or a meaningful biomarker?
Title: Impact of forward and backward walking on gait parameters across parkinson's disease stages and severity: a prospective observational study.
Title: Hidden confounders in the Kidney-Brain-Parkinson's Axis.
Title: Unraveling the link: Is Parkinson's disease a causal factor for glaucoma? Insights from Mendelian randomization.
Title: Statement of Retraction: Foslevodopa/foscarbidopa (LDp/CDp) in advanced Parkinson's Disease (aPD): demonstration of savings from a societal perspective in the UK.
Title: Bifunctional Flexible Eutectogel: Zinc Cell Dendrite Inhibition and Machine Learning-Assisted Parkinson's Disease Monitoring.
Title: Artificial Intelligence Predicts GBA1 Mutated Status in Parkinson's Disease Patients.
Title: Efficacy of Facial Botulinum Toxin A Injections in Alleviating Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease Patients: An Open-Label, Nonrandomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Prevalence of COVID-19 in patients with parkinson's disease and the impact of parkinson's disease on COVID-19 prognosis.
Title: M
Title: Orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson's disease-More than just lightheadedness and fainting.
Title: Construct validity, intrarater and interrater reliability of the Italian version of the systematic screening of handwriting difficulties (SOS) test in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Skin intraneural phosphorylated α-synuclein is a highly specific biomarker for early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Identifying Poor Responders to STN DBS in Parkinson Disease: The Role of Rapid Disease Progression in the First Year in Optimal Responders to Levodopa.
Title: Exploring Dietary Knowledge of People with Parkinson's Disease: Insights from Patient Focus Groups.
Title: Directional Deep Brain Stimulation Programming in Parkinson's Disease and Essential Tremor Patients: An Institution-Based Study.
Title: Identification of Common Genes for Neuropathic Pain and Parkinson's Disease Based on Bioinformatics Analysis and Their Potential Value in the Diagnosis of Neuropathic Pain.
Title: MicroRNAs and synaptic dysfunction in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Correction: Peripheral cutaneous synucleinopathy characteristics in genetic Parkinson's disease.
Title: Striatal metabolomic alterations in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease: A comprehensive liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis.
Title: Dendritic Cells Induce Clec5a-mediated Immune Modulation in MPTP-induced Parkinson's Disease Mouse Model.
Title: Effects of Diabetes Mellitus on Motor and Non-Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Boosting Preclinical Parkinson's Disease Research in Africa.
Title: New-Onset Psychosis in a Person with Parkinson's Disease after "Horny Goat Weed" Use.
Title: Enhancing Parkinson's and palliative patients' care: nurse perspectives on the Neria Guard infusion set.
Title: Endoplasmic reticulum stress modulation by Alpha-Pinene in a rotenone-induced rat model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Retraction notice to "LRE-MMF: A novel multi-modal fusion algorithm for detecting neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease among the geriatric population" [Exp. Gerontol. 197 (2024) 112585].
Title: Abernethy Malformation Shunt Closure to Treat Hepatic Encephalopathy Mimicking Parkinson Disease.
Title: Current therapeutic strategies in Parkinson's disease: Future perspectives.
Title: Palliative Care in Parkinson's Disease and other Movement Disorders. Recommendations and protocol of a multidisciplinary group of experts.
Title: Protective role of Bre1 in mitochondrial function and energy metabolism in Drosophila models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: AI-augmented prediction of high-risk PINK1 variants associated with Parkinson's disease: integrating multilayered bioinformatics, MD simulation, and deep learning.
Title: Rhapontigenin attenuates neurodegeneration in a parkinson's disease model by downregulating mtDNA-cGAS-STING-NF-κB-mediated neuroinflammation via PINK1/DRP1-dependent microglial mitophagy.
Title: Exploring the relationship between orthostatic hypotension and gait in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: ENLITE PD: A Randomized Clinical Trial of Light Therapy for Impaired Sleep in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cortical and Corticomuscular Beta-Gamma Phase-Amplitude Coupling During Different Locomotion States and the Effects of Levodopa in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Re: Association Between Stress Hyperglycemia Ratio and Parkinson's Disease Across Different Glucose Metabolism Statuses-A Prospective Study From UK Biobank.
Title: A blood-based DNA damage signature in patients with Parkinson's disease is associated with disease progression.
Title: Syllable-based speech characteristics as potential biomarker for differential diagnosis of Parkinson's disease, multiple system atrophy, and cerebellar ataxia.
Title: Gut microbial production of imidazole propionate drives Parkinson's pathologies.
Title: Sleep defines health in Parkinson's disease and syndrome.
Title: Clinical Personalized Medicine for Parkinson's Disease and Implications on Sleep Dysfunction.
Title: Transdermal, Infusion, and Surgical Therapies and Effect on Sleep Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Non-Pharmacologic Management Strategies to Manage Sleep Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Pharmacological Management of Insomnia in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Glymphatic System and Sleep Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Exploring the Relationship between Parkinson's Disease and Restless Legs Syndrome.
Title: Excessive Daytime Sleepiness in Parkinson's Disease and Parkinsonism.
Title: Sleep Dysfunction in Older Age Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Early Onset Parkinson's Disease and Sleep Dysfunction.
Title: Non-motor Subtypes of Parkinson's Disease and Sleep Dysfunction.
Title: Neuroimaging and Sleep Dysfunction in Parkinson's and Parkinsonisms.
Title: Genetic Basis of Sleep Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease and Parkinsonism.
Title: Clinical and Biofluid Biomarkers of Sleep Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy of peroneal nerve functional electrical stimulation (FES) for the reduction of bradykinesia in Parkinson's disease: an assessor-blinded randomised controlled trial (STEPS II)-study protocol.
Title: Allosteric regulation of the Golgi-localized PPM1H phosphatase by Rab GTPases modulates LRRK2 substrate dephosphorylation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dynamic cortical inhibition imbalance as a biomarker of clinical progression in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: G Protein-coupled receptors: key targets for maintaining the function of basal ganglia-thalamus-cortical circuits in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Bilateral subthalamic deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease with RAB32 mutation.
Title: A Tri-Factor Adaptive Federated Learning Framework for Parkinson's Disease Diagnosis via Multi-Source Facial Expression Analysis.
Title: Impact of Subthalamic Nucleus Deep Brain Stimulation on Gastrointestinal Symptoms and Gastric Emptying in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Buffering brain aging: education moderates language impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Efficacy of Acupuncture Therapy in Treating Non-Motor Symptoms of Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis.
Title: Leucine-rich repeat kinase 2 impairs the release sites of Parkinson's disease vulnerable dopamine axons.
Title: Safety and efficacy of fecal microbiota transplantation in the treatment of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review of clinical trials.
Title: Identifying subtypes of longitudinal motor symptom severity trajectories in early Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Quantitative analysis of gait parameters in Parkinson's disease and the clinical significance.
Title: Artemisinin alleviates Parkinson's disease by targeting Adcy5-Gch1 axis to trigger a cascade generation of BH4 and dopamine in rats.
Title: Association between prior allergic rhinitis and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lower-limb express visuomotor responses are spared in Parkinson's disease during step initiation from a stable position.
Title: Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome.
Title: Characteristics of the 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose (
Title: Federated Transferring Multi-Channel CNN for Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease under Unseen and Small Data.
Title: Much Ado About Nothing? Midlife Vascular Risk Factors and Incident Parkinson Disease.
Title: Midlife Vascular Risk Factors, Parkinson Disease, and Parkinson Disease-Dementia: The ARIC Study.
Title: Seated Tai Chi Improves Dynamic Finger-Pointing Task and Sitting Balance Control in Subjects with Parkinson's Disease: A Prospective Comparative Observational Study.
Title: Revisiting Parkinson's disease definition and classification: insights from two emerging biological frameworks.
Title: Exercise Ameliorates Dopaminergic Neurodegeneration in Parkinson's Disease Mice by Suppressing Microglia-Regulated Neuroinflammation Through Irisin/AMPK/Sirt1 Pathway.
Title: Risk of Parkinson's Disease among Breast Cancer Survivors: A Nationwide Cohort Study in South Korea.
Title: Blood and cerebrospinal fluid metallomics uncover mercury, chromium, and iron alterations in 
Title: A Novel α-Synuclein K58N Missense Variant in a Patient with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Reorganization of Mitochondrial Function and Architecture in Response to Plant-Derived Alkaloids: Anatabine, Anabasine, and Nicotine, Investigated in SH-SY5Y Cells and in a Cellular Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Comparative study of autonomic dysfunction between Parkinson's disease with LRRK2, PRKN, and GBA mutations.
Title: Correction: Deregulation of mTORC1-TFEB axis in human iPSC model of 
Title: Traditional Chinese exercises for motor symptoms and mobility in patients with Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Aberrant striatal firing mediates impulsive decision-making in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Ethnic and Gender Disparities in Access to Deep Brain Stimulation Surgery for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: G protein-coupled receptor 37 biomarker potential in Parkinson's disease: Inflammation might be the hidden trigger.
Title: Hypoxia and TTR dysregulation in astrocytes from Parkinson's disease with a specific mitochondrial haplogroup: A single-cell analysis.
Title: Altered Cortical Gyrification, Functional Connections, and Underlying Neurotransmitter Information in Patients with Parkinson's Disease with Levodopa-Induced Dyskinesia.
Title: A double-blind, controlled trial of circadian effective light therapy in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Topical β-blockers for treatment of glaucoma and the risk of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of sex on the progression of non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: A registry-based cohort study.
Title: Associations of ambient particulate matter and nitrogen dioxide with hospital admissions for Parkinson's disease: A nationwide case-crossover study in China.
Title: Remote ischemic conditioning as a potential therapy for Parkinson's Disease: Inhibiting TLR4-Driven neuroinflammation and oxidative damage.
Title: Correcting vertical perception to reverse Pisa syndrome in Parkinson's disease: A case report.
Title: Development and initial psychometric properties of the timed upper limb assessment in older adults with Parkinson's.
Title: Behaviour Change for Parkinson's Disease: A Randomised Controlled Feasibility Study to Promote Physical Activity and Exercise Adherence Among People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Glutamate-associated research in Parkinson's disease: a bibliometric analysis.
Title: Cranial glucose metabolic patterns across prodromal and clinical parkinson's disease revealed by 
Title: A Comparison of Spinal Alignment and Trunk Mobility in Parkinson's Disease Patients With and Without Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms.
Title: Faster disease progression in Parkinson's disease with glucocerebrosidase genotype: But not apparent immediate from diagnosis.
Title: Restoration of Lysosomal Hydrolase Activities by LRRK2 Inhibition in GBA1- and LRRK2-Associated Parkinson's Disease Patient-Derived Cells.
Title: A quantitative investigation of the handwriting kinematics in response to STN-DBS in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Chronic Pain in Parkinson's Disease: Prevalence, Sex Differences, Regional Anatomy and Comorbidities.
Title: Frailty in Patients With Parkinson's Disease in Community and Clinical Settings: A Scoping Review.
Title: Transcutaneous Spinal Magnetic Stimulation Affects Subthalamic Activity in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Potential Effects of Computer-Based Cognitive Training on Postural Stability and Locomotion in Parkinson's Disease Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Stem cell-derived dopamine cell therapies for Parkinson's disease: what have the first trials shown?
Title: PRKN/PINK1 Mutations in a Chinese Patient With Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Multidisciplinary inpatient care for Parkinson's disease: a single-centre cohort study on improvements in gait, overall motor function, and quality of life.
Title: Author Correction: Shared and disease-specific pathways in frontotemporal dementia and Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Title: Caudate serotonin signaling during social exchange distinguishes essential tremor and Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Midlife Physical Activity, Disease Symptoms, and Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease: A Structural Equation Modeling Approach.
Title: Reply to letter to the editor: "Preliminary analysis of the association between apolipoprotein E genotype, amyloid burden, and cognitive decline in non-demented Parkinson's disease patients".
Title: Effect of nicotine on the energy metabolism of substantia nigra cells in MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association Between Turn Impairments and Cognitive Function in Parkinson Disease.
Title: The Next Frontier in Parkinson's Disease Treatment: A Narrative Review of Innovative Neurosurgical and Gene Therapy Approaches.
Title: Unilateral focused ultrasound thalamotomy for tremor-dominant Parkinson's disease: blinded evaluation and imaging correlation.
Title: Applications of machine learning for computer-aided diagnosis of Parkinson's disease: progress and benchmark case study.
Title: Feasibility and Acceptability of Intervention and Trial Procedures of the UCL Live Well With Parkinson's Self-Management Toolkit.
Title: Safety and Feasibility of Serial Lumbar Punctures: Long-term Results from the Parkinson's Progression Markers Initiative.
Title: Validation of the English version of the Parkinson Anxiety Scale in two Canadian Parkinson's disease samples.
Title: Gut-brain axis modulation in remote rehabilitation of Parkinson's disease: reconstructing the fecal metabolome and nigral network connectivity.
Title: Detecting amyloid and tau pathology in Parkinson's disease, 4R-tauopathies and control subjects with plasma pTau217.
Title: Long-read sequencing identifies 
Title: Adaptive deep brain stimulation timed to gait phase improves walking in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The impact of Parkinson's Disease on interlimb coordination: a scoping review of gait adaptability.
Title: Association between brain iron deposition and pure apathy in Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional quantitative susceptibility mapping imaging study.
Title: Neurofilament light chain concentration mediates the association between regional cortical thickness and Parkinson's disease with excessive daytime sleepiness.
Title: Analysis of Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease Detection Using a Multimodal Prototype Learning Framework.
Title: Olfactory function is longitudinally associated with semantic fluency in Parkinson's disease: a cohort study.
Title: COMT inhibition with entacapone for patients with Parkinson's disease and motor complications: the novelty of continuous infusion.
Title: Critical insights on "advanced clinical stage parkinson's disease is linked to pro inflammatory and regulatory blood cell populations.".
Title: Exploring the role of HIF-1α in pathogenesis of parkinson's disease and its potential as a therapeutic target.
Title: Validation of the Patient-Rated Version of the Parkinson Anxiety Scale in Iranian People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Pathophysiology and pharmacological management for sleep problems in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A glimpse of the end-of-life of people with Parkinson's disease and atypical parkinsonism: A descriptive analysis of electronic health records.
Title: Patients with small fiber neuropathy exhibit more pronounced non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Reply: "Improving the Study of Impulse Control Disorders in CSAI-Treated Parkinson's Disease: Methodological and Interdisciplinary Directions".
Title: Improving the Study of Impulse Control Disorders in CSAI-Treated Parkinson's Disease: Methodological and Interdisciplinary Directions.
Title: Effects of Levodopa on Gait in People With Parkinson's Disease With and Without a History of Falls.
Title: Exploring the Causal Links Between 338 Cerebrospinal Fluid Metabolites and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Allogeneic Bone Marrow-Derived Mesenchymal Stem Cells for Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Trial.
Title: CSF Mitochondrial DNA: Biomarker of Body Composition and Energy Metabolism in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Synthesis and characterization of chitosan-grafted-dopamine based micelles as multifunctional nanomedicines for Parkinson's disease treatment by intranasal administration.
Title: Role of Netrin-1 dysregulation in early neuronal pathology of α-synuclein models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Immediate Motor Control Enhancement via Pallidothalamic Tract (PTT) Circuit Ablation: A Dual-Target MR-Guided Focused Ultrasound Approach for Tremor-Dominant Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease incidence in glaucoma patients from israel: insights from a 20-year follow-up sample.
Title: Developing personalized treatment strategies for Parkinson's disease based on disease subtypes.
Title: Reply: "Navigating the Neuropsychiatric Risks of Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa in Patients with Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Navigating the Neuropsychiatric Risks of Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Multimodal Imaging of Blood-Brain Barrier Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease: From Pathological Mechanisms to Therapeutic Opportunities.
Title: StatPearls
Title: Validation of the French Translation of the Movement Disorder Society Non-Motor Symptoms Scale (MDS-NMS) in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Assessing balance and walking of people with Parkinson's disease via telehealth.
Title: Managing Parkinson's disease: understanding the roles of multidisciplinary team members.
Title: Multimodal MRI biomarkers optimize differentiation between progressive supranuclear palsy and Parkinson's disease.
Title: GLP-1/GIP dual agonist tirzepatide alleviates mice model of Parkinson's disease by promoting mitochondrial homeostasis.
Title: Elevated hexosylceramides in Parkinson's disease cause gene upregulations in neurons mimicking responses to pathogens.
Title: Alpha-synuclein is increased in erythrocytes in parkinson's disease cases.
Title: Chronic adaptive deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease: clinical outcomes and programming strategies.
Title: Motor planning stage of gait initiation: effects of aging, Parkinson's disease, and associations with cognitive function.
Title: Alzheimer's disease traits in Parkinson's disease without α-synuclein seeding.
Title: Does Pharmacological Adjustment Influence the Outcomes of In-Patient Multimodal Intensive Care? A Study in Patients with Moderately Advanced Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Enhancing Cardiovascular Autonomic Regulation in Parkinson's Disease Through Non-Invasive Interventions.
Title: The Double Toxic MPTP+CBE Presymptomatic Parkinson-Like Phenotype in Mice.
Title: Opicapone in Parkinson's disease: a real-world, multicenter, retrospective study to identify patient characteristics for sustained treatment benefit.
Title: Association of long-term glycemic variability with longitudinal motor and nonmotor progression in patients with Parkinson's disease: an 8-year follow-up.
Title: Weissella cibaria SGW054 alleviates neurodegenerative progression in Proteus mirabilis- and 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine-induced Parkinson's disease mice by regulating gut microbiota dysbiosis.
Title: CSF markers of neuroinflammation, synaptic dysfunction and [
Title: The Role of Aquaporin-4 in Freezing of Gait and Dynamic Balance Learning in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Systematic review of prognostic models in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Predictive value of the combined DTI-ALPS index and serum creatinine levels in mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Factors Influencing Pain Management Practices in People With Parkinson's Disease: A Qualitative Descriptive Study.
Title: Gut dysbiosis as a potential driver of Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
Title: Gamification-based tele-rehabilitation for physical therapy in patients with Parkinson's disease: A scoping review.
Title: Feasibility of a Community-Based Boxing Program with Tailored Balance Training in Parkinson's Disease: A Preliminary Study.
Title: Serum Neurofilament light chain predicts autonomic symptoms in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Insights and Unresolved Questions on Treatment Variability in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Compound Heterozygous Structural Variants in Cases with Unsolved PRKN-Associated Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Minimal clinically important difference and substantial clinical benefits for single- and dual-task timed up and go test following motor-cognitive training in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Differences in configurations of the six-minute walk test for people with Parkinson disease.
Title: A New Phenotype-Genotype Correlation for FIG4 and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: [Trembling hands and more: when to suspect Parkinson's disease].
Title: Astragaloside Ⅳ improves neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease by regulating amino acid metabolism and the PI3K-AKT signaling pathway.
Title: Hybrid greylag goose and particle swarm optimization for early detection of Parkinson's disease from speech features.
Title: Cognitive effects of adaptive deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: stability without risk.
Title: Quality of life measures in Parkinson's disease: a systematic literature review of patient-reported outcomes measures (PROMs) and their psychometric properties.
Title: Predicting cognition after subthalamic Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Longitudinal non-negative matrix factorization identifies the altered trajectory of motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Juvenile Parkinson's Disease Mutation C212Y Impairs Mitochondrial Homeostasis in a Caenorhabditis elegans Model.
Title: The Usefulness of Wearable Sensors for Detecting Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Uncovering the Kinematic Signature of Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease Through Wearable Inertial Sensors.
Title: Machine Learning-Based Assessment of Parkinson's Disease Symptoms Using Wearable and Smartphone Sensors.
Title: An Explainable Approach to Parkinson's Diagnosis Using the Contrastive Explanation Method-CEM.
Title: Parkinson's Disease Diagnosis and Severity Assessment from Gait Signals via Bayesian-Optimized Deep Learning.
Title: Characterizing Stair Ambulation Kinetics and the Effects of Dual Tasking in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Influence of Insulin Resistance and Type 2 Diabetes on Cognitive Decline and Dementia in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: CDK5 Inhibits Synphilin-1 Ubiquitination and Basal Mitophagy: Implications for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Olfactory Network Functional Connectivity as a Marker for Parkinson's Disease Severity.
Title: Protein Expression of TXNIP in the Dopaminergic Neurons of Subjects with Parkinson's Disease: Evidence from a Pilot Study.
Title: The Search for Disease Modification in Parkinson's Disease-A Review of the Literature.
Title: The Effect of Data Leakage and Feature Selection on Machine Learning Performance for Early Parkinson's Disease Detection.
Title: The Relationship Between Systemic Inflammatory Index and Other Inflammatory Markers with Clinical Severity of the Disease in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: An Overview of the Role of Medicinal Plants in Parkinson's Disease: A Semi-Systematic Review.
Title: Nicotine Therapy for Parkinson's Disease: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Complement Receptor 3 Regulates Microglial Exosome Release and Related Neurotoxicity via NADPH Oxidase in Neuroinflammation Associated with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Correction: Zarate-Calderon et al. Risk of Cerebrovascular Events in Deep Brain Stimulation for Parkinson's Disease Focused on STN and GPi: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis. 
Title: The Role of Cognitive Reserve in Coping with Subjective Cognitive Complaints: An Exploratory Study of People with Parkinson's Disease (PwPD).
Title: Effects of Aerobic Exercise on Depressive Symptoms in People with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Treadmill Training in Patients with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis on Rehabilitation Outcomes.
Title: Predicting Cognitive Decline in Parkinson's Disease Using Artificial Neural Networks: An Explainable AI Approach.
Title: Reader Response: Migraine and Risk of Parkinson Disease in Women: A Cohort Study.
Title: Features of Prodromal Parkinson Disease and Dopaminergic Neurotransmission in Community-Dwelling Older Adults.
Title: Author Response: Migraine and Risk of Parkinson Disease in Women: A Cohort Study.
Title: Editors' Note: Migraine and Risk of Parkinson Disease in Women: A Cohort Study.
Title: Precision intervention of virtual reality training for balance and gait in Parkinson's disease: a dose-response meta-analysis.
Title: Subthalamic Theta-Alpha Local Field Potentials in OFF-Levodopa Dystonia in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Impaired visually guided behavior in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Targeting glucose transporters in parkinson's disease: a novel metabolic approach for disease modification.
Title: Clinical Benefits of Reprogramming Chronic Subthalamic Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Identification of Potential Biomarkers Related to the Progression and Prognosis of Parkinson's Disease and Melanoma via Combined System Biology Approaches.
Title: Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa Continuous Subcutaneous Infusion in Parkinson's Disease: Real-World Short-Term Data on Tolerability, Infusion Rate Adjustments and Concomitant Medication.
Title: Bilateral Effects of Unilateral Pallidothalamic Tractotomy Using Focused Ultrasound in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Functional and Structural Characterization of LRRK2 p.V1447L in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Influence of Genetics in the Early Development of Axial Postural Abnormalities in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Biomarkers and neuroimaging markers in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comparison of Two α-Synuclein Seed Amplification Assays for Discrimination of Parkinson Disease and Atypical Parkinsonism.
Title: The effect of diet on Parkinson's disease progression, symptoms and severity: a review of randomised controlled trials.
Title: [Change of speech disorders during bilateral deep stimulation of the subthalamic nucleus of the brain in patients with Parkinson's disease].
Title: Switching from Levodopa/Carbidopa Intestinal Gel to Continuous Subcutaneous Foslevodopa/Carbidopa Infusion in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A Case Series.
Title: Clinical Impact of Switching from Subcutaneous Apomorphine to Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: A Real-World Observational Study (FOSAPO).
Title: Beta Power Response After Levodopa Intake in Parkinson's Disease Patients With Chronic Sensing-Enabled Deep Brain Stimulation.
Title: Potentially Inappropriate Medication Use in Patients With Parkinson's Disease: Analysis of Korean National Health Insurance Claims Data.
Title: Correction: Green, innovative oral capsules of three anti-Parkinson's drugs: formulation, 
Title: The potential role of serum and urine galectin-3 values in the diagnosis and staging of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Brain Structure Deviations in Patients with Parkinson Disease without Dementia Using Normative Modeling.
Title: The Effect of Deep Brain Stimulation on Sleep and Cognition in Patients With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Relationship between VMAT2-PET and DAT-SPECT caudate binding and Parkinson's disease cognitive decline.
Title: Quantifying device type and handedness biases in a remote Parkinson's disease AI-powered assessment.
Title: Regulatory mechanisms and therapeutic potential of natural microglia inhibitors in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuroanatomical Correlate of Memory Impairment in Parkinson's Disease Assessed by Composite Recall and Recognition Test with MMSE.
Title: Differential cued recall memory impairment in mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer's disease versus Parkinson's disease.
Title: Low-Cost IMU-Based System for Automated Parkinson's Subtype and Stage Classification to Support Precision Rehabilitation.
Title: The GLP1R Agonist Semaglutide Inhibits Reactive Astrocytes and Enhances the Efficacy of Neural Stem Cell Transplantation Therapy in Parkinson's Disease Mice.
Title: Person-centred care and self-management in the context of communication changes in Parkinson's disease: a pilot study of three dyads.
Title: Peripheral inflammatory markers and clinical phenotypes reflecting the impact of diabetes on Parkinson's disease.
Title: Acupuncture for Parkinson's Disease: A Narrative Review of Clinical Efficacy and Mechanistic Insights.
Title: A model to address healthcare gaps and poor research participation in Hispanic patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cerebellum mitochondrial DNA copy number is increased in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Left Cerebellar Stroke in a Patient With Parkinson's Disease Complicated With Prolonged Position-Related Compression Syndrome: A Case Report.
Title: Nanotherapeutics Mediated Intranasal Delivery for Therapeutic Effect on Parkinson's Disease: Balancing Advancements and Challenges.
Title: Glycogen synthase kinase-3: the master switch driving neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Diagnostic performance of T1-Weighted MRI gray matter biomarkers in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association of sustained extremely low income and income decrease with the risk of Parkinson's disease: A population-based nationwide cohort study in Korea.
Title: Circulating particles carotenoids are associated with rehabilitation recovery in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Brain-Computer Interfaces in Parkinson's Disease Rehabilitation.
Title: Constipation and Parkinson disease: A 2-sample bidirectional Mendelian randomization analysis.
Title: Adaptive deep brain stimulation targeting the subthalamic nucleus in a patient with Parkinson's disease: A CARE compliant case report.
Title: Differential gene expression and immune profiling in Parkinson's disease: unveiling potential candidate biomarkers.
Title: Risk factors of thoracolumbar fascia injury for patients with Parkinson's disease and construction of a nomogram model.
Title: Identification of SNCA and DRD2 as key genes linking parkinson's disease and circadian rhythm through bioinformatics analysis.
Title: Balancing practicality and complexity in neuroimaging models of Parkinson's disease progression.
Title: Expression of Concern: The IkappaB Kinase Family Phosphorylates the Parkinson's Disease Kinase LRRK2 at Ser935 and Ser910 during Toll-Like Receptor Signaling.
Title: Impairment of the intracranial lymphatic system in Parkinson's disease: a combined study of the meningeal lymphatics vessels and glymphatic system based on noninvasive neuroimaging.
Title: Metabolic Syndrome and Incidence of Parkinson Disease: A Community-Based Longitudinal Study and Meta-Analysis.
Title: [Parkinson's Disease Associated with Mutations in the LRRK2 Gene: Approaches to Therapy].
Title: Improving Prediction of Falls and Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson Disease: Protocol for a Decentralized Observational Study.
Title: The Feasibility and Practical Utility of Virtual Visits for Patients with Parkinson's Disease in Different World Regions.
Title: Gpr35 Expression Mitigates Neuroinflammation and Enriches Gut 
Title: Correction: The Role of Alpha-Synuclein and Tubulin-Associated Unit (Tau) Proteins in the Diagnosis, Prognosis, and Treatment of Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Think Beyond the Obvious: Atypical Pulmonary Embolism Presentation in a Parkinson's Disease Patient.
Title: Research progress on the mechanisms of polysaccharides derived from traditional Chinese medicine in the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Brain functional network abnormalities in Parkinson's disease patients at different disease stages.
Title: Link between Parkinson's disease and melanoma: insights into the influence of the 
Title: Lehigh Valley Procedure: Combined Pulmonary Vein Isolation and Accessory Pathway Ablation for Atrial Fibrillation in Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome.
Title: Systematic review of electron transfer study in DNA relevant to Parkinson's disease and scanning tunneling microscopy.
Title: Alpha-Mangostin Alleviates Mitochondrial Damage and Autophagy Dysregulation in the MPP
Title: Association between neutrophil percentage-to-albumin ratio and Parkinson's disease amongst adults in the US.
Title: Objective assessment of gait and posture symptoms in Parkinson's disease using wearable sensors and machine learning.
Title: 
Title: Feasibility and Preliminary Efficacy of Digital Cognitive Training in Parkinson's Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Pilot Study.
Title: Response to letter to Editor on "Circulating cell-free DNA as predictors of Parkinson's disease".
Title: Novel in situ seeding immunodetection assay uncovers neuronal-driven alpha-synuclein seeding in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Supplementary motor area microstructure defines the extent of gait impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association of renal function with cognitive progression in de novo Parkinson's disease.
Title: Dystonia-predominant VPS35-related parkinson's disease: diagnostic challenges and the role of Levodopa response in unmasking genetic etiology.
Title: Converging pathologies in neurodegeneration: the mechanistic interplay between α-Synuclein and Tau in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's.
Title: What medicines do people with Parkinson's disease want?
Title: Elevated autistic features in Parkinson's disease and other motor disorders.
Title: Acoustic prominence production in Parkinson's disease when there is a shared communicative goal.
Title: Is GBA1 mutation status a game-changer for impulse control behaviour in Parkinson's disease?
Title: Optical Detection of the Spatial Structural Alteration in the Human Brain Tissues/Cells and DNA/Chromatin due to Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Physical exercise modulates plasma irisin levels in endurance athletes: Implications for Parkinson's disease.
Title: The dopamine stabilizer (-)-OSU6162 attenuates levodopa-induced dyskinesia in the unilateral 6-hydroxydopamine rat model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: GLP-1 receptor agonists in Parkinson's disease: an updated comprehensive systematic review with meta-analysis.
Title: Synthetic MRI study of brain volume and subcortical myelin in various Parkinson's disease motor subtypes.
Title: Brain-region-specific lipid dysregulation in L-DOPA-induced dyskinesia in a primate model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: New perspectives on molecular mechanisms underlying exercise-induced benefits in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Multi-Target Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Improves Freezing of Gait in Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Understanding the experience of prescription charges in people living with parkinson's disease: a focus group study.
Title: Interpretable Machine Learning for Cross-Cohort Prediction of Motor Fluctuations in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Automated detection of Parkinson's disease using improved linknet-ghostnet model based on handwriting images.
Title: Association between anxiety disorder, anxiolytic drugs, and risk of incident Parkinson's disease.
Title: Integrating artificial intelligence and optogenetics for Parkinson's disease diagnosis and therapeutics in male mice.
Title: A report of the Iranian Parkinson's disease registry.
Title: Author Correction: High-sensitivity acceleration sensor detecting micro-mechanomyogram and deep learning approach for parkinson's disease classification.
Title: Vestibular Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review of Signs and Symptoms.
Title: An Exploration of the High Prevalence of Parkinson's Disease in a Rural Area of North West England.
Title: Using the Modified Taylor Complex Figure-Recognition Trial (MTCF-RT) to differentiate amnestic patients with Alzheimer's disease from patients with memory deficits due to Parkinson's disease or subcortical ischemic vascular dementia.
Title: Cost-Effectiveness of Deep Brain Stimulation for Advanced Parkinson's Disease in Egypt.
Title: Revisiting the Triglyceride-Glucose Index in Parkinson's Disease: Risk Ractor or Disease Marker?
Title: Protective effects of paederoside in rotenone-induced cellular models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Electroconvulsive therapy for Parkinson's disease-related apathy: A case report.
Title: Intersection of Autonomic Dysfunction and Parkinson's Disease: Insights Into Neurogenic and Classical Orthostatic Hypotension.
Title: Acupuncture modulates the microbiota-gut-brain axis: a new strategy for Parkinson's disease treatment.
Title: Clinical predictors of speech changes after subthalamic neurostimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluation of glymphatic system activity and lateralization by diffusion tensor imaging in Parkinson's disease with excessive daytime sleepiness.
Title: Standard of care, falling short: Patient views on accessing physical therapy for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effectiveness of haptic cues on gait in people with Parkinson's disease - A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association between serum inflammatory cytokines, substantia nigra structural changes, and brain functional network in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Artificial Intelligence Approaches for Early Prediction of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Colonoscopic fecal microbiota transplantation for Mild-to-Moderate Parkinson's Disease: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Long-term intermittent theta burst stimulation alleviates Parkinson's disease-related cognitive impairment by modulating GluN2B in the dorsal hippocampus.
Title: Parkin, a key player in Parkinson's disease pathogenesis: A review.
Title: Genetic analysis of GBA1 gene in a cohort of patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of cognitive reserve on cognitive function and cognitive deterioration in Parkinson's disease: a longitudinal cohort study.
Title: Effects of exercise modality-dose combinations on cognitive function in Parkinson's Disease: A bayesian dose-response systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Push-Off Efficacy in Parkinson's Disease compared to healthy controls and its relationship with step length.
Title: Manganese overexposure: Unveiling its neurotoxic potential and involvement in pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Clinical value of serum miR-451 in early diagnosis of multiple system atrophy from parkinson's disease and outcomes prediction.
Title: Adult-Onset BPAN: An Atypical Presentation Mimicking Early-Onset Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Discriminative power of static posturography for identifying recurrent fallers in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Electrophysiological Evidence for Impaired Central Pain Modulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Alpha-Synuclein Lesions in the Peripheral Nervous System of the Larynx in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy and tolerability of pramipexole versus antidepressants for Parkinson's disease with depression: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Letter to the editor: "Letter to the editor: Immersive virtual reality for cognitive training in Parkinson's disease - Future directions and neuroimaging perspectives".
Title: Protocol considerations for single and paired pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Sex differences in the pharmacokinetics of levodopa and carbidopa in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Advancements in Parkinson's Disease Prediction Using Machine Learning: A Neurological Perspective.
Title: An Amyloidogenic Fragment of the Spike Protein from SARS-CoV-2 Virus Stimulates the Aggregation and Toxicity of Parkinson's Disease Protein Alpha-Synuclein.
Title: Clinical Study of Drug Therapy Combined With Scraping in Patients With Primary Parkinson Disease.
Title: Clozapine-Resistant Schizophrenia and Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome: A Case Report.
Title: Orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson's disease: therapeutic considerations.
Title: Effects of remote Baduanjin Qigong intervention on quality of life and physical function in patients with mild to moderate Parkinson's disease: a protocol of randomized controlled trial.
Title: Decreased neuronal and increased endothelial fractalkine expression are associated with neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease and related disorders.
Title: Corrigendum to "Pyridoxal Phosphate inhibits alpha-synuclein-induced ferroptosis by activating GOT1 to enhance the methionine salvage pathway in Parkinson's Disease" [Experimental Neurology (2025) 115411].
Title: Diagnostic Vocal Fold Augmentation in Patients With Both Age-related Vocal Fold Atrophy and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Immunity in Parkinson's disease - The role of innate responses.
Title: Exploration of strategies used to maintain health and well-being among working adults caring for adults with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Unraveling cassia oil's efficacy in alleviating winter-triggered mood disorders in Parkinson's disease patients via aromatherapy-mediated pathways.
Title: A near-infrared ratiometric optical sensor for real-time monitoring hydroxyl radical levels in ferroptosis-mediated Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation using a commercially available device on gait in Parkinson's disease with freezing of gait.
Title: Investigating the association between choroid plexus volume and the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Olfactory dysfunction and amyloid-positivity in Parkinson's disease-longitudinal analysis of cognitive decline and cerebrospinal fluid markers.
Title: Olfaction function improves in a specialised unit for Parkinson's disease.
Title: 'It Would've Been Nice to Know About Allied Health Earlier': Insights From People With Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cognitive outcomes of deep brain stimulation depend on age and hippocampal connectivity in Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease.
Title: Clinical Insight on "Association Between Stress Hyperglycemia Ratio and Parkinson's Disease Across Different Glucose Metabolism Statuses-A Prospective Study From UK Biobank".
Title: Clinical mechanisms of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in improving constipation in Parkinson's disease patients through the gut-brain axis.
Title: Correction: Online training program maintains motor functions and quality of life in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Association between anxiety-depression status and psychological resilience in patients with Parkinson's disease: A risk factor analysis.
Title: Advance care planning in Hispanic populations with Parkinson's Disease: Investigating disparities in end-of life care.
Title: An Interdisciplinary Approach to Assistive Technology for Parkinson's Disease Dementia.
Title: Do we need drugs for psychiatric symptoms specifically for Parkinson's disease?
Title: Synthesis of Schiff Bases of Usnic Acid and Investigation of Their Antidiabetic, Antidepressant, Anti-Parkinson's, Neuroprotective and Antioxidant Potentials.
Title: Electroacupuncture suppresses motor impairments via microbiota-metabolized LPS/NLRP3 signaling in 6-OHDA induced Parkinson's disease rats.
Title: Polymeric nanoparticle-mediated GBA1 gene therapy is neuroprotective in a preclinical model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Nfe2l1 dysfunction alters Parkinson's disease-related gene expression and impairs neuronal differentiation under ubiquitin stress in neuronal differentiated P19 Cells.
Title: Revamping Parkinson's disease therapy using PLGA-based drug delivery systems.
Title: Parkinson's disease medication adjustments based on wearable device information compared to other methods: randomized clinical trial.
Title: From diabetes to dopamine: Evaluating the disease-modifying potential of GLP-1 receptor agonists in Parkinson's disease. A systematic review and meta-analysis of placebo-controlled trials.
Title: The evolution of axial postural abnormality in Parkinson's disease: a 3-year longitudinal observational study.
Title: Longitudinal analysis of pupillometry according to type of pharmacotherapy in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Capturing trial-by-trial variability in behaviour: people with Parkinson's disease exhibit a greater rate of short-term fluctuations in response times.
Title: Tackling a disease on a global scale, the Global Parkinson's Genetics Program, GP2: A new generation of opportunities.
Title: Control of immune response in an iPSC-based allogeneic cell therapy clinical trial for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Body composition and resting metabolic rate in Parkinson's disease: A prospective cross-sectional single centre study.
Title: Evidence-based summary of the prevention and management of constipation in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: A Case Report on Home-Based End-of-Life Care with Traditional Korean Medicine Acupuncture and Herbal Medicine for an Elderly Patient with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dysphagia Is Associated with Incident Non-Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Management of Parkinson's Disease Before, during and after Pregnancy-an MDS Scientific Issues Committee Review.
Title: Novel Leucine-Rich Repeat Kinase 2 (LRRK2) Inhibitors for the Treatment of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Low-frequency genetic variants in GAK enhance Golgi function and protect against Parkinson's disease.
Title: CD11b Activation Reduces Myeloid Brain Infiltration and Mitigates Synucleinopathy in a Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Imaging brain class I histone deacetylase changes in the Lewy body dementias and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Cognitive Fluctuation Scale in Non-demented Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Distinction and mutual Influences between Parkinson's Disease-related and unrelated Chronic Pain.
Title: Correction: Clinical progression and genetic pathways in body-first and brain-first Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impairment in the behavioral control of body sway, gaze shift, and mental workload in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Hope vs. Hype I: It is time to redefine and rename Parkinson disease based on alpha-synuclein.
Title: Muscle Ultrasonography as a Diagnostic Tool for Assessing Sarcopenia in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Efficacy of Safinamide in Early-Stage Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Evaluation of Motor Symptom Improvement.
Title: A Metacognitive Strategy Intervention for People With Parkinson's Disease: Pilot and Feasibility Trial.
Title: Stress Hyperglycemia Ratio as a Predictor of Parkinson's Disease: Statistical Caveats Matter.
Title: Epigenetic Mediating Mechanisms in Parkinson's Disease: The Impact of Educational Attainment on SETD1A Expression.
Title: Validation of the Turkish Version of the Questionnaire for Impulsive-Compulsive Disorders in Parkinson's Disease-Rating Scale (Quip-Rs).
Title: The role of T cells in the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Reduction of Festinating Clinical Gait Parameters to Near Normal After Hip Joint Mobilization: A Parkinson's Disease Case Report.
Title: A Seven-Gene Signature for the Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease and Immune Infiltration Analysis.
Title: Prevalence of Burning Mouth Syndrome in Parkinson's Disease: A Prospective Case-Control Study.
Title: Immune regulatory mechanisms of different exercise methods promoting Parkinson's rehabilitation: A narrative review.
Title: Evidence of a novel α-synuclein strain isolated from a Parkinson's disease with dementia patient sample.
Title: Association of the number of minor hallucinations and well-structured visual hallucinations in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Spontaneous eye blink-based machine learning for tracking clinical fluctuations in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Associations of digestive diseases exposure and lifestyle factors with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Iron mishandling in the brain and periphery in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Insight into the application of optogenetics for regulating motor-related circuits in Parkinson's disease and novel therapeutic target exploration.
Title: [
Title: [Effects of electroacupuncture on cognitive impairment and mitophagy mediated by KIF5A/Miro1 pathway in Parkinson's disease mice].
Title: Microbial diversity in drug-naïve Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Strengthening Parkinson's disease epidemiology: refining diagnosis and survival metrics.
Title: Diagnostics of olfactory dysfunction in Parkinson's disease - a literature overview and case series.
Title: Precision medicine and music therapy for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Management of Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Global trends of early-onset Parkinson's disease from 1990 to 2021, and projections until to 2030: a systematic analysis of the global burden of disease study 2021.
Title: Comparative efficacy of different modalities of transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating Parkinson's disease with depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: A novel nanocomposite Lf-DA-MSN-PF127 aided the delivery of dopamine for the treatment of Parkinson's disease in a rat model.
Title: Assessment of retinal blood flow changes in early Parkinson's disease: An optical coherence tomography angiography study.
Title: Hot Topics and Frontiers of Resting-State fMRI in Parkinson's Disease: Research Trends and Paradigm Shifts From a Bibliometric Perspective.
Title: Assessment of Health-Related Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: Virtual reality motor sensing exercise in patients with Parkinson's disease: a scoping review.
Title: Correction to "Cognitive impairment and dementia in Latin American individuals with parkinsonism and Parkinson's disease: A 10/66 Dementia Research Group study".
Title: Long-Term Effects of Deep Brain Stimulation on Non-Motor Symptoms in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Pharmacotherapy in Early Parkinson's Disease: A Pragmatic Approach.
Title: Screening for a "trifecta" of executive function patterns in a large cohort of individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Investigation of changes in the choice reaction time with levodopa in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Retraction notice to "Clinical and metabolic response to probiotic administration in people with Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial" [Clin Nutr 38 (2019) 1031-1035].
Title: Social factors related to participation among people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Tremor management strategies in Parkinson's disease: optimizing patient care.
Title: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Supplementary Motor Area Enhances the Effects of Exercise Therapy for Proprioception and Balance in People with Parkinson's: an Exploratory Pilot Trial.
Title: Travel distance may have a negative impact on the outcome of deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The impact of social isolation due to the COVID-19 pandemic on functional performance, fall risk, and gait in individuals with Parkinson's Disease: a systematic review.
Title: The quest for Parkinson's disease biomarkers: traditional and emerging multi-omics approaches.
Title: Early parkinson's disease: levodopa requirements are associated with the striatal DaT-uptake.
Title: Glymphatic Dysfunction in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Neuroimaging Studies.
Title: Parkinson's disease in Malawi: A cross-sectional Study of clinical profiles and risk factors.
Title: Understanding the influence of TLR-mediated immune system on necroptosis-induced neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Exosome-mediated microglia-astrocyte interactions drive neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease with Peli1 as a potential therapeutic target.
Title: TRX/TXNIP/miRs network in neuronal cells and TXNIP-targeted miRs modulate neuroinflammation, neuronal apoptosis, and mitochondrial dysfunction in Parkinson's disease: A review.
Title: Magnetic susceptibility source separation for assessing motor and cognitive functions in Parkinson disease.
Title: Inter-limb gait asymmetry in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: An antioxidative injectable chitosan hydrogel based on tannic acid modified dialdehyde polyurethane nano-crosslinker targeting RIPK1 to regulate neuroinflammation for amelioration of Parkinson's disease.
Title: [Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome due to cocaine use: a case report].
Title: Multivalent interaction induces phase separation and formation of more toxic aggregates of α-syn in a yeast model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Levodopa-Carbidopa Intestinal Gel Improves Dyskinesia in Parkinson's Disease: Post Hoc Analysis from the COSMOS Study.
Title: Mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress in Parkinson's disease: mechanisms, biomarkers, and therapeutic strategies.
Title: Pharmacological and pupillary evidence for the noradrenergic contribution to reinforcement learning in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Increased frontal [
Title: Knowledge, attitudes and practices of the general population towards Parkinson's disease in Meizhou, China: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Alpha-synuclein inclusions reduced by PIKfyve inhibition in Parkinson disease cell models.
Title: Chemogenetic activation of VTA neurons induces anxiety-like behavior in a Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Dysregulation of the leukotriene pathway in Parkinson's disease: The potential role of montelukast.
Title: Increased blood-brain barrier permeability is associated with dysfunctional α band connectivity in early-stage Parkinson's disease.
Title: Validity and reliability of the Persian version of the Geriatric Depression Scale-15 in older adults with Parkinson's disease.
Title: A role for glutathione in Parkinson's disease modification.
Title: Platelet mitochondrial complex I and IV activities are not reliable stratification biomarkers in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Efficacy and Safety of Twelve Anti-Dyskinetic Drugs in Parkinson's Disease: A Bayesian Network Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Nigrostriatal dopaminergic vulnerability in Parkinson's disease: Neuroprotective strategies.
Title: Levodopa and Plant-Derived Bioactive Compounds in Parkinson's Disease: Mechanisms, Efficacy, and Future Perspectives.
Title: The Effectiveness of Virtual Reality in Improving Balance and Gait in People with Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review.
Title: User Experiences of the Cue2walk Smart Cueing Device for Freezing of Gait in People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Garlic-Derived Allicin Attenuates Parkinson's Disease via PKA/p-CREB/BDNF/DAT Pathway Activation and Apoptotic Inhibition.
Title: Classical Paal-Knorr Cyclization for Synthesis of Pyrrole-Based Aryl Hydrazones and In Vitro/In Vivo Evaluation on Pharmacological Models of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Investigating Neuroprotective Effects of Berberine on Mitochondrial Dysfunction and Autophagy Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Cognitive Cost of Motor Control: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Parkinson's Disease Treatments and Financial Decision-Making.
Title: Neuroprotective impacts of taurine nanoparticles against rotenone induced Parkinson's disease in mice.
Title: Leveraging machine learning to predict Parkinson's disease using pre-symptomatic proteomics data.
Title: Machine Learning-Driven Radiomic Profiling of Thalamus-Amygdala Nuclei for Prediction of Postoperative Delirium After STN-DBS in Parkinson's Disease Patients: A Pilot Study.
Title: Preoperative structural networks based on DTI predicts initial subthalamic nucleus stimulation outcome in parkinson's disease.
Title: Triglyceride-glucose index predicts cognitive decline and striatal dopamine deficiency in Parkinson disease in two cohorts.
Title: Author Correction: Time-to-event analysis mitigates the impact of symptomatic therapy on therapeutic benefit in Parkinson's disease trials.
Title: Altered dynamic functional connectivity and reduced higher order information interaction in Parkinson's patients with hyposmia.
Title: Corrigendum to "Shared pathogenic mechanisms of Parkinson's disease and ulcerative colitis: α7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor as a potential therapeutic target" [Int. J. Biol. Macromol. 2025 Jul 1; 319(Pt 4):145701].
Title: Non-motor symptom subtypes in early Parkinson's disease.
Title: Editorial: Unraveling the gut's role in levodopa metabolism-promise and uncertainties of fecal tdc in Parkinson's disease.
Title: DJ-1 in Parkinson's disease: Its important role at endoplasmic reticulum-mitochondria contact sites.
Title: From subthalamic local field potentials to the selection of chronic deep brain stimulation contacts in Parkinson's disease - A systematic review.
Title: Cardiovascular damage, arrhythmogenesis and overlapping Alzheimer and Parkinson's diseases and TDP-43 pathology start in pediatric and young adult urban populations: Magnetic ultrafine particulate matter and industrial particles with motion behavior play a key role.
Title: Metabolic network remodeling and AI-driven precision diagnostics in geriatric Parkinson's disease: Advances in multimodal imaging.
Title: Effects of Square Stepping Exercise on Physical, Cognitive and Psychosocial Fitness in People with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: CSF phospho-tau levels at Parkinson's disease onset predict the risk for development of motor complications.
Title: Parkinson's Disease: Bridging Gaps, Building Biomarkers, and Reimagining Clinical Translation.
Title: Intranasal Mitochondrial Transplantation Restores Mitochondrial Function and Modulates Glial-Neuronal Interactions in a Genetic Parkinson's Disease Model of 
Title: Oligodendrocyte-Specific STAT5B Overexpression Ameliorates Myelin Impairment in Experimental Models of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Voice fundamental characteristics in Parkinson's disease: a case-control study of the Moroccan population.
Title: Barriers and Facilitators to Accessing Healthcare for People With Parkinson's Disease in Latin America: A Qualitative Study.
Title: Combined Dysfunction of the Amygdala and Nucleus Basalis Underlies Visual Hallucinations in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Dopamine alters functional gradients in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Perceptions of the Provision of Pain Care Services from the Perspective of People with Parkinson's Disease: A Qualitative Descriptive Study.
Title: Microbiome and metabolome integrated analysis: exploring potential diagnostic approaches for Parkinson's disease using tongue coating samples.
Title: How to dose extended-release carbidopa-levodopa capsules (IPX203, CREXONT®) in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: A case report: combined posterior subthalamic area and globus pallidus internus deep brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Plasma Metabolomics Profiles in Prodromal and Clinical Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Prognostic and Biological Roles of Parkinson's Disease-Associated Genes in Cancer.
Title: Closed-Loop, Open Possibilities: Real-Time Movement Decoding for Adaptive DBS in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cognitive Phenotyping of Parkinson's Disease Patients Via Digital Analysis of Spoken Word Properties.
Title: Association between non-motor symptoms of Parkinson disease and serum lipid levels: Analysis and clinical significance.
Title: Acupuncture for the anxiety and depression in Parkinson disease: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Dopaminergic modulation of behavioral and electrocortical markers of interpersonal performance monitoring in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The link between oral health and neurodegeneration: a review of periodontitis in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease and dementia.
Title: DualGCN-GE: integration of spatiotemporal representations from whole-blood expression data with dual-view graph convolution network to identify Parkinson's disease subtypes.
Title: Temporal onset of non-motor symptoms and the body-first/brain-first dichotomy in Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional single center experience.
Title: LRRK2-mutant microglia and neuromelanin synergize to drive dopaminergic neurodegeneration in an iPSC-based Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Remote real time digital monitoring fills a critical gap in the management of Parkinson's disease.
Title: 
Title: Extending the use of MANAGE-PD: A case for post-device therapy reassessment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Early discontinuation and titration strategies in foslevodopa/foscarbidopa therapy for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's disease progression is shaped by longitudinal changes in cerebral compensation.
Title: Wolff-Parkinson-White pattern in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: the hidden truth behind preexcitation.
Title: Screening for Parkinson's disease using "computer vision".
Title: Selenium and resveratrol attenuate rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease in zebrafish model.
Title: Balance and biomechanics: exploring lower extremity biomechanics in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mitochondrial Encephalomyopathy, Lactic Acidosis, and Stroke-Like Episodes (MELAS) Patients with m.3243A > G have High Prevalence of Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome.
Title: Predicting Cognition and Affective Changes in Newly Diagnosed Parkinson's Disease Through Longitudinal Data-Driven Clustering.
Title: Anti-Neuroinflammatory and Anti-Inflammatory Effects of the NLRP3 Inhibitor NT-0796 in Subjects with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: A Comprehensive Framework for Parkinson's Disease Detection Using Spiral Drawings and Advanced Machine Learning Techniques.
Title: 12-Week Aerobic Interval Training Boosts Neuroplasticity and Motor Function in Parkinson's Disease: Insights From BDNF, [
Title: Long-term efficacy of deep brain stimulation in 
Title: Functional outcomes in older patients after Parkinson's disease diagnosis in Japan: The LIFE study.
Title: Effects of the continuous subcutaneous infusion of foslevodopa-foscarbidopa on swallowing in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Correction: Editorial: 15 years of frontiers in neuroanatomy: the origin of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Three Months of Partnered Dance Aerobic Exercise Can Reduce OFF-time and Enhance Quality of Life in Older Adults with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Genotype-phenotype association study conducted on LARGE-PD reveals novel loci associated with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: AI-driven precision diagnosis and treatment in Parkinson's disease: a comprehensive review and experimental analysis.
Title: Cortical thickness alterations in Parkinson's disease related anxiety: A cross-sectional 7 T MRI study.
Title: Body mass index, metabolically abnormal status, and incident Parkinson's disease: Data from the UK Biobank.
Title: Differential Roles of Angiotensin A and Alamandine in Parkinson's Disease: A Therapeutic Perspective on Nonclassical RAS Pathways.
Title: Urea cycle dysregulation drives metabolic stress and neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Author Correction: SGK1 inhibition in glia ameliorates pathologies and symptoms in Parkinson disease animal models.
Title: Parkinson's disease quality of life at 12 months comparing invasive device-aided therapy with oral treatment.
Title: Restless legs syndrome in Parkinson's disease: epidemiology, pathogenetic overlaps, and clinical management.
Title: Association of a Healthy Lifestyle with Risk of Parkinson's Disease and Genetic Predisposition.
Title: White matter alterations in tremor-dominant and postural instability and gait disturbance subtypes of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Oropharyngeal dysphagia in Parkinson's disease: potential utility of speech acoustic analysis in detection and evaluation of swallowing impairment progression.
Title: Reply to "Urinary α-Synuclein for Parkinson's Detection: Key Limitations and Future Directions".
Title: Urinary α-Synuclein for Parkinson's Detection: Key Limitations and Future Directions.
Title: Reply to "Reconsidering Central and Peripheral Contributions to Propranolol's Antitremor Effects in Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Substantia Nigra Hyperechogenicity Predicts Parkinson's Disease Risk in Patients With Essential Tremor and Undetermined Tremor: Dual-Cohort Longitudinal Evidence With 8-Year Follow-Up and Bayesian Validation.
Title: Modeling and validation of wearable sensor-based gait parameters in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment.
Title: Considerations for Advancing Parkinson's Disease Research in Middle East, North Africa, and South Asia.
Title: DWT-OEFS: discrete wavelet transform based optimized ensemble feature selection for Parkinson's disease severity classification.
Title: Obstructive sleep apnea as a possible mediator for the association between glymphatic function and body mass index in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Identifying Risk Factors and Constructing Predictive Models for Wearing-Off and Dyskinesia in Chinese Patients With Parkinson's Disease on Long-Term Levodopa Therapy.
Title: Synthesis and evaluation of novel 5-HT
Title: EEG changes induced by dopamine replacement therapy in Parkinson's disease with impulse control disorders.
Title: Unmasking of Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome following cardioversion of ventricular tachycardia in pregnancy: a case report.
Title: Interventions for promoting physical activity in people with newly diagnosed Parkinson's disease: scoping review.
Title: Parkinson's disease with Onuf's nucleus involvement mimicking multiple system atrophy.
Title: Anti-Parkinson's activity of Phragmites communis Trin. rhizomes and their liposomal formulation: Insights from chemical and molecular docking analyses.
Title: Computational association in parkinson's disease SNPs with brain structural and functional alterations.
Title: Screening, identification, and experimental validation of SUMOylation biomarkers in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Resynchronization of microglial activity in the brain is associated with restoration of motor function in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Towards scalable screening for the early detection of Parkinson's disease: validation of an iPad-based eye movement assessment system against a clinical-grade eye tracker.
Title: Online prediction of optimal deep brain stimulation contacts from local field potentials in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Erratum to "Characterizing Physiologic Swallowing Impairment Profiles: A Large-Scale Exploratory Study of Head and Neck Cancer, Stroke, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease, Dementia, and Parkinson's Disease".
Title: Dynamic changes in nutritional status and sleep disturbance in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Bioinformatics analysis to explore biomarkers and mechanisms of action associated with endoplasmic reticulum stress and ferroptosis in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Expression of human A53T alpha-synuclein without endogenous rat alpha-synuclein fails to elicit Parkinson's disease-related phenotypes in a novel humanized rat model.
Title: Probabilistic Mapping of Magnetic Resonance-Guided Focused Ultrasound (MRgFUS) Thalamotomy Targets in Essential Tremor and Tremor-Dominant Parkinson's Disease: Insights from a German Cohort.
Title: CDS-PD: A Novel Clinical Decision Support Platform for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Recent advances in cell membrane-based biomimetic delivery systems for Parkinson's disease: Perspectives and challenges.
Title: Identification of Pesticides Associated with an Increased Risk of Parkinson's Disease using a Multi-Screen Approach.
Title: A Bioinformatic Analysis of BAG Protein Interactors and Pathways in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Impaired Glymphatic Clearance, Measured Using Diffusion Tensor Image Analysis Along the Perivascular Space (DTI-ALPS), is Linked to Poor Cognitive Outcomes in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Deep-Brain Stimulation and Intensive Rehabilitation in a Patient with Parkinson Disease: A Case Report.
Title: Recent Advances in AI for Parkinson's Disease Diagnosis: A Scoping Review.
Title: Neuromelanin-induced cellular stress and neurotoxicity in the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Remote clinical decision support tool for Parkinson's disease assessment using a novel approach that combines AI and clinical knowledge.
Title: Imaging Proinflammatory Microglia in Parkinson Disease Using [
Title: Strategies to rescue mitochondria in Parkinson's disease: The significance of mitochondrial transfer.
Title: Altered effective connectivity in cortico-striatal pathways during sentence processing and oral motors in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Mind diet adherence associated with lower Zonulin levels in older Parkinson's patients.
Title: Baseline α-synuclein seeding activity and disease progression in sporadic and genetic Parkinson's disease in the PPMI cohort.
Title: Effects of Parkinson's disease on mechanical and microstructural properties of the brain.
Title: Multi-Center 3D CNN for Parkinson's disease diagnosis and prognosis using clinical and T1-weighted MRI data.
Title: Effect of Self-Assembled Polydopamine Nanoparticles on Ferroptosis in an MPTP-Induced Parkinson's Disease Mice Model.
Title: Participant satisfaction and directions for growth in online group speech rehabilitation for individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Age-related trends in amyloid positivity in Parkinson's disease without dementia.
Title: Rapid frontotemporal gray matter loss in proposed body-first Parkinson's disease: a longitudinal voxel-based morphometry study.
Title: Quantification of rehabilitation for patients with Parkinson's disease and related disorders using wearable devices; a proof of concept.
Title: Peripheral monocyte transcriptional signatures of inflammation and oxidative stress in Parkinson's disease.
Title: A mixed methods feasibility study of a ketogenic diet as treatment for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Acceptability of a programme for safer mobility (INTEGRATE): Perspectives of people with Parkinson's disease and their care-partners.
Title: Can regulators have a role in facilitating the development of new medicines for Parkinson's disease?
Title: Glutamate-cysteine ligase as a diagnostic biomarker and therapeutic target in Parkinson's disease: a multi-omics and experimental study.
Title: LRRK2 kinase activity regulates Parkinson's disease-relevant lipids at the lysosome.
Title: Hypoxia ameliorates neurodegeneration and movement disorder in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Metabolic landscape uncovers remodeling of T cell immunity affected by fatty acid desaturase in Parkinson's disease at single-cell resolution.
Title: Regulation of polyamine interconversion enzymes affects α-Synuclein levels and toxicity in a Drosophila model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Methodological quality of systematic reviews on treatments for Parkinson's disease: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Development of LRRK2 inhibitors through computational strategies: a promising avenue for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Non-motor subtypes in candidates for subthalamic deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease.
Title: MRI-Based Evidence of Regular Physical Activity's Impact on Brain Networks for Modifying Disease Courses in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Association of Physical Exercise With Structural Brain Changes and Cognitive Decline in Patients With Early Parkinson Disease.
Title: Stakeholder Perspectives on Trustworthy AI for Parkinson Disease Management Using a Cocreation Approach: Qualitative Exploratory Study.
Title: Letter to the Editor on "Cannabis (Medical Marijuana) Treatment for Motor and Non-Motor Symptoms of Parkinson Disease".
Title: Retinal Neurovascular Signatures in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cost of Quality of Life in Advanced Parkinson's Disease: Efficient Strategies for Disease Assessment.
Title: Patients' Preferences for Parkinson's Disease Pharmacotherapy: An Online Discrete Choice Experiment.
Title: Multivariate Associations Between Neurophysiological Activity and Sensory Motor Cortical Morphometry in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Distinct metabolic signatures of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease revealed through genetic overlap with metabolic markers.
Title: A Transcriptomic Roadmap of Parkinson's Disease Progression at Single Cell Resolution.
Title: Large-scale plasma proteomics uncovers preclinical molecular signatures of Parkinson's disease and overlap with other neurodegenerative disorders.
Title: Genome-wide association analyses reveal susceptibility variants linked to Parkinson's disease in the South African population using inferred global and local ancestry.
Title: Mapping the global burden of early-onset Parkinson's disease: socioeconomic and regional inequalities from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2021.
Title: The effects of a socially evaluated cold press stressor on inhibitory gating, bradykinesia, and tremor in persons with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Non-coding repeat analyses in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: 14-3-3 binding maintains the Parkinson's associated kinase LRRK2 in an inactive state.
Title: GABA outperforms iron and neuromelanin in detecting nigrostriatal alterations in early-stage Parkinson's disease with RBD.
Title: Exploring gendered experiences of Parkinson's disease patients and their carers: implications for decision-making in Deep Brain Stimulation.
Title: A smart pen prototype with adaptive algorithms for stabilizing handwriting tremor signals in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson's Disease Detection Using Hybrid Siamese Neural Network and Support Vector Machine in Multilingual Voice Signal.
Title: Assessment of vestibulo-ocular reflex function in people with Parkinson's disease: a cross-sectional study in a rehabilitation setting using the video head impulse test.
Title: The mechanism of alpha-lipoic acid regulating dopaminergic neuronal damage in Parkinson's disease through the Nrf2/HMOX1 pathway.
Title: Isobavachalcone inhibits α-synuclein fibrillogenesis and its Parkinson's disease variants, disassembles the mature fibrils and alleviates cellular toxicity.
Title: Spike RBD drives sustained Parkinson's disease progression via microglia-neuron crosstalk-mediated RTP801 upregulation.
Title: Reduced resting beat-to-beat blood pressure variability in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: TUDCA combined with Syndopa protects the midbrain and gut from MPTP toxicity in a Parkinson's disease mouse model: Immunohistochemical evidence.
Title: Antidiabetic drugs in Parkinson's disease: a comprehensive meta-analysis on efficacy and safety with trial sequential analysis and GRADE evaluation.
Title: Mechanistic insights into ubiquinone Q10 in Parkinson's disease: mitochondrial protection, ferroptosis inhibition, and antioxidant recycling.
Title: Innovations in Parkinson's Disease: Strategies and Novel Technologies.
Title: Efficacy of cholinesterase inhibitors and memantine on symptoms not responsive to levodopa in patients affected by Parkinson's disease without dementia: a systematic review.
Title: Appendectomy and risk of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Changes in sensorimotor network dynamics in resting-state recordings in Parkinson's disease.
Title: "Does speech in patients with different Parkinson's disease subtypes decline over time?".
Title: Speech subtypes are associated with worsened tremor and axial symptoms in Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: [Effect of uric acid on the progression of Parkinson's disease: Myth or reality?].
Title: DBS-STN&SNr combined stimulation versus DBS-STN monotarget stimulation for Parkinson's disease freezing: A comparative efficacy study.
Title: When Sex Overcomes Motor Phenotype: New Evidence on Cognitive and Neurobehavioral Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Metformin as a potential neuroprotective agent that influence Parkinson's disease.
Title: Clinical efficacy of GLP-1 receptor agonists in the treatment of Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: The Parkinson's drug benztropine possesses histamine receptor 1-dependent host-directed antimicrobial activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Title: The spatial landscape of glial pathology and T cell response in Parkinson's disease substantia nigra.
Title: Elevated plasma levels of alpha-synuclein are dispensable for Parkinson's disease pathology.
Title: Spinal cord stimulation restores locomotion in a Parkinson's disease patient and rodents.
Title: The Role of Gut-Brain Axis in Modulating the Impact of Sterile Inflammation on Neuroimmune Responses in Neurodegenerative Diseases - Alzheimer's Disease and Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Derailed degradation: LRRK2-dependent exocytosis in Parkinson's disease.
Title: An Exploratory Analysis of Differential Tear Fluid miRNAs in Patients with Parkinson's Disease and Atypical Parkinsonian Syndromes.
Title: Impaired Breathing During Exposure to Hypoxia and Carotid Body Dysfunction in an Animal Model of Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Identification of Key Lactylation-Related Genes and Their Relevance to the Connection Between Parkinson's Disease and the Immune System Through Integrated Bioinformatics Analysis.
Title: Personality Trait Changes After Device-Aided Therapy: Insights From Parkinson's Patients and Their Close Relatives.
Title: Longitudinal associations between physical performance and cognition in individuals with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neuropsychiatric disorders in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Unraveling α-synuclein and amylin co-aggregation: pathological insights and biomarker development for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease: critical markers for early AI-assisted diagnosis.
Title: Efficacy of Yijinjing-inspired exercises on sleep disorders in Parkinson's disease: a controlled fNIRS study.
Title: Depression and Anxiety in Parkinson's Disease: Prevalence and Associated Risk Factors.
Title: Efficacy and safety of oral amantadine in Parkinson's disease with dyskinesia and motor fluctuations: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Title: Neuromodulation influences T lymphocyte calcium signaling and alpha synuclein clearance: implications for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Split-Belt Treadmill for Falls, Gait Asymmetry, and Freezing in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Mild Behavioral Impairment Checklist for Parkinson's Disease: An Ancillary Instrument in Cognitive Assessment.
Title: Cardiac 123I-Meta-Iodobenzylguanidine Imaging as a Biomarker for Body-First Parkinson's Disease: Linking Peripheral α-Synuclein to Clinical Subtyping.
Title: Artesunate alleviates Parkinson's disease by targeting astrocyte MT2A to attenuate dopamine neuronal cuproptosis.
Title: Olfactory network reorganization in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Discovery and validation of biomarkers for Parkinson's disease from human cerebrospinal fluid using mass spectrometry-based proteomics analysis.
Title: Classification of GBA1 variants and their impact on Parkinson's disease: an in silico score analysis.
Title: Position paper: leveraging non-human primate (NHP) specificities to accelerate Parkinson's disease and ageing research.
Title: Disordered tidal breathing pattern and dyspnoea related disability in Parkinson's disease: A case controlled study.
Title: Next-generation CRISPR gene editing tools in the precision treatment of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Pyridoxal phosphate inhibits alpha-synuclein-induced ferroptosis by activating GOT1 to enhance the methionine salvage pathway in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Crosstalk between DNA damage and cGAS-STING immune pathway drives neuroinflammation and dopaminergic neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Muscone inhibits ferroptosis for neuroprotection in a Parkinson's disease model.
Title: Integrative approach for early detection of Parkinson's disease and atypical Parkinsonian syndromes leveraging hemodynamic parameters, motion data & advanced AI models.
Title: Neuroprotective effects of taurine in a rodent model of parkinson's disease involve modulating astrocyte-mediated inflammation.
Title: Transcriptomic Analysis of Immune-Related Genes in the Striatum of Parkinson's Disease Brain Across Mouse Strains.
Title: Heart Rate Profiles During Exercise and Incident Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease: are we looking at the right spot?
Title: Higher levels of plasma phosphatidylcholine (17:0_18:1) raise the risk of developing Parkinson's disease.
Title: Large-scale copy number variant analysis in genes linked to Parkinson´s disease.
Title: Reply to the commentary on Defining 'OFF' time in device-aided therapy criteria for Parkinson's disease: Gaps and opportunities.
Title: Montelukast alleviates neuroinflammation and improves motor functions in the line 61 model of Parkinson's disease: An exploratory study.
Title: Teen Presentation of Dyssynchronous Left Ventricular Cardiomyopathy Secondary to Wolff-Parkinson-White Syndrome and Right-Sided Septal Pathway.
Title: Rasagiline mesylate-based microneedle patches: A patient-friendly treatment regimen for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Metabolomics: Potential non-protein biomarker candidates of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Sinapic acid attenuates PERK-dependent ER stress signaling and resolves α-synuclein pathology in rotenone-induced Parkinson's disease rat model.
Title: PARKIN protein-deficient iPSC line (FINi006-A) from an early-onset Parkinson's disease female patient.
Title: Can proton pump inhibitors increase the risk of sudden unexpected death in Parkinson's disease (SUDPAR)?
Title: Insights From a Mixed Methods Analysis of 3 Health Technologies Used in Patients With Parkinson Disease: Mixed Methods Study.
Title: Deep brain stimulation surgical timing, outcomes, and prognostic factors in patients with Parkinson's disease: A Chinese retrospective multicenter cohort study.
Title: Leveraging Large Language Models for Personalized Parkinson's Disease Treatment.
Title: Correction: Opicapone for the treatment of early wearing-off in levodopa-treated Parkinson's disease: pooled analysis of patient level data from two randomized open-label studies.
Title: Update on sleep disorders in advanced Parkinson's disease: a narrative review.
Title: Predictors of Impulse Control Disorders in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Parkinson Disease.
Title: Finely Tuned Gamma Oscillations in the Globus Pallidus Internus in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Autonomic Dysfunction in a Patient Initially Diagnosed With Parkinson's Disease Who Subsequently Developed Systemic Amyloidosis.
Title: Corticobulbar activity in healthy humans and Parkinson's disease: a study protocol for a novel biomarker of motivational arousal.
Title: Orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson's disease: effects on clinical features and disease severity-a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Exploring availability of physiotherapy service for people with Parkinson's Disease in Europe: An cross-sectional study.
Title: Hybrid optimization enabled Eff-FDMNet for Parkinson's disease detection and classification in federated learning.
Title: Shades of grey: The continuum of therapies for Parkinson's disease along the spectrum of credibility.
Title: Digital Therapeutics for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Diseases: Current Trends and Future Perspectives.
Title: Distinct patterns of visuo-tactile and visuo-motor body-related integration in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Parkinson disease detection based on in-air dynamics feature extraction and selection using machine learning.
Title: Impact of α-synuclein fibril structure on seeding activity in experimental models of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impaired Online and Enhanced Offline Motor Sequence Learning in Individuals with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Reflections on Cultural Humility in the End-Stages of Parkinson's: The Journey of a Mandarin-speaking Patient.
Title: Genetic analysis of TMEM230 variants in Han Chinese patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluating the short-term effects of dance on motor and non-motor outcomes in people living with Parkinson's: A crossover study.
Title: Uncovering locomotor learning dynamics in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Development and characterization of pramipexole dihydrochloride buccal films for Parkinson's disease treatment.
Title: Association of LRRK2 R1628P variant with Parkinson's disease in Kinh Vietnamese: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Araloside A Induces Raf/MEK/ERK-Dependent Autophagy to Mitigate Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Pathology in Cellular and C. elegans Models.
Title: VEGF and the VEGF
Title: Demographic and Clinical Profiles of Parkinson's Disease in India: Observations from a Nation-Wide Multicenter Study.
Title: Social support may not impact physical function outcomes following a tango or walking intervention in people with Parkinson's disease: an exploratory analysis of a randomized controlled trial.
Title: ModFus-PD: synergizing cross-modal attention and contrastive learning for enhanced multimodal diagnosis of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Evaluation of non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease using multiparametric MRI with the multiplex sequence.
Title: Brain structural MRI marker for predicting conversion to Parkinson's disease in individuals with prodromal symptoms.
Title: Adaptive immunity in the pathogenesis and treatments of Parkinson's disease.
Title: Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome case due to a coronary sinus accessory pathway in a patient with unique congenital coronary venous anomaly: a case report.
Title: Poor sleep quality among patients with Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Title: Mechanism of the protective effect of 2,3,5,4'-Tetrahydroxy stilbene-2-O-β-D-glucoside on MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease mice.
Title: Unveiling the causal effects of phosphatidylethanolamine (18:1_0:0) via glutamine conjugate of C
Title: Progression to Parkinson's dementia is not modulated by genetic risk variants for Alzheimer's or Parkinson's disease.
Title: Organosulfur Compounds: Potential Therapeutics for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Video analysis reveals early signs of Bradykinesia in REM sleep behavior disorder and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Effect of high, low, and asymmetric frequency subthalamic stimulation on speech and voice in Parkinson's disease: a randomized trial.
Title: The impact of touching-communication-relief therapy on Parkinson's disease patients: a spiritual care perspective study.
Title: Advancements in invasive and non-invasive neuromodulation for Parkinson's disease: current findings and future directions.
Title: Comment on "Circulating cell-free DNA as predictors of Parkinson's disease".
Title: Preoperative network activity predicts the response to subthalamic DBS for Parkinson's disease.
Title: PANDA study: subtyping of Parkinson's disease - cohort study protocol.
Title: Connectivity-Based Analysis of the Stimulation Effects of Globus Pallidus Interna Deep Brain Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease: A Focus on Freezing of Gait.
Title: Retro-Walking and Cholinergic Network Correlates in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Lutein ameliorates Parkinson's disease by regulating miR-135b-5p/SIRT1 to inhibit microglial M1 polarization and inflammation.
Title: Investigating the impact of body weight changes and blood lipids on risk for mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: a prospective cohort study.
Title: Reply: Immersive virtual reality for cognitive training in Parkinson's disease - Future directions and neuroimaging perspectives.
Title: Lysosomal glucocerebrosidase is needed for ciliary Hedgehog signaling: A convergent pathway contributing to Parkinson's disease.
Title: Blood Flow Restriction Training in People With Parkinson Disease: A Mixed-Methods Feasibility Study.
Title: Far from being the end of the road: taking a closer look at neuropalliative care in Parkinson's disease.
Title: STAT1 and STAT6 orchestrate Cbs transcription and transsulfur metabolism in microglia and contribute to parkinson's disease-related neuroinflammation.
Title: A Systematic Review of the Parkinson's Foundation Hospital Care Recommendations.
Title: Efficacy and Safety of Foslevodopa/Foscarbidopa Monotherapy in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Epigenetic Modulation and Brain Function in Parkinson's Disease: The Role of Exercise Alone or Combined With Polyphenols.
Title: Use of safinamide for treatment of Parkinson disease: real-world data from Spain.
Title: Subtype of the Freezing of Gait and Motor Function in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: LC-MS Determination of Trichloroethylene Glutathione Conjugation Metabolites in a Parkinson's Disease Mouse Model.
Title: Navigating the therapeutic landscape in advanced Parkinson's disease: a comprehensive review from infusion therapies to stem cells.
Title: Minimal Clinically Important Difference of Average Daily Steps Measured Through a Consumer Smartwatch in People With Mild-to-Moderate Parkinson Disease: Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Beyond MIND and Mediterranean Diets: Designing a Diet to Optimize Parkinson's Disease Outcomes.
Title: Opportunities and Limitations of Wrist-Worn Devices for Dyskinesia Detection in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Associations Between Daily Step Counts and Sleep Parameters in Parkinson's Disease: A Scoping Review.
Title: Smart Watch Sensors for Tremor Assessment in Parkinson's Disease-Algorithm Development and Measurement Properties Analysis.
Title: Clinical and Genetic Characteristics of Patients with Essential Tremor Who Develop Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cognitive outcomes of infusion therapies in Parkinson's disease: A comprehensive systematic review.
Title: A novel approach to detecting plasma synuclein aggregates for Parkinson's disease diagnosis.
Title: Mitochondrial dysfunction-mediated metabolic remodeling of TCA cycle promotes Parkinson's disease through inhibition of H3K4me3 demethylation.
Title: Bridging the Gaps: Imputation of Parkinson's Disease Clinical Assessments With Federated Learning.
Title: Altered reactivity to threatening stimuli in 
Title: Constipation Severity and Quality of Life in People With Parkinson's Disease Living at Home: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Task-specific dynamical entropy variations in EEG as a biomarker for Parkinson's disease progression.
Title: Development of a population of digital brain phantoms for radionuclide imaging research in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Neural and dopaminergic substrates of festinating gait in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Incidence of hip fractures in persons with and without Parkinson's disease in Finland: a 15-year longitudinal study.
Title: From Topography to Therapy: Rethinking Cognitive Monitoring in GBA1-Linked Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Correction: Standardized clinical assessments and advanced AI-driven instruments used to evaluate neurofunctional deficits, including within biomarker based framework, in Parkinson's disease - human intelligence made vs. AI models - systematic review.
Title: High Rate of Postural Blindness in Patients With Idiopathic Parkinson's Disease: A Clinical Observation.
Title: Changes in conditioned pain modulation using anti-Parkinson drugs in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comparative evaluation of MPTP and rotenone as inducing agents for Parkinson's disease in adult zebrafish: Behavioural and histopathological insights.
Title: VPS13C-Related Parkinson's Disease: Report of a Novel Variant from India and Systematic Review of the Literature.
Title: The Progression of NUS1-Associated Parkinson's Disease and the Diagnostic Potential of Plasma NgBR.
Title: Early detection of Parkinson's disease: Machine learning-based prediction of UPDRS Part III scores in 
Title: A case series on the effect of lidocaine injection on camptocormia in Parkinson disease: Determination of injection site using muscle hardness tester.
Title: Participant and Provider Perspectives on a Novel Virtual Home Safety Program for Fall Prevention in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: The Red Blood Cell Distribution Width-to-Albumin Ratio's Role in Parkinson's Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Branched-Chain Amino Acids in Parkinson's Disease: Molecular Mechanisms and Therapeutic Potential.
Title: Understanding the Pre-Clinical Stages of Parkinson's Disease: Where Are We in Clinical and Research Settings?
Title: Multiomics Integration of Parkinson's Disease Datasets Reveals Unexpected Roles of IRE1 in Its Pathology.
Title: The Effects of Pilates in Parkinson's Disease-A Narrative Review.
Title: Preclinical Parkinson's Disease Models for Non-Motor Symptoms: Research Recommendations from a Systematic Review.
Title: The Small Intestinal Microbiota and the Gut-Brain Axis in Parkinson's Disease: A Narrative Review.
Title: Writing the Future: Artificial Intelligence, Handwriting, and Early Biomarkers for Parkinson's Disease Diagnosis and Monitoring.
Title: Inefficacy of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease Patients with Levodopa-Induced Dyskinesias: Results from a Pilot Study.
Title: Ten-Second Cold Water Stress Test Differentiates Parkinson's Disease from Multiple System Atrophy: A Cross-Sectional Pilot Study.
Title: Study Protocol: Investigating the Effects of Transcranial Pulse Stimulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Speech-Based Parkinson's Detection Using Pre-Trained Self-Supervised Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) Models and Supervised Contrastive Learning.
Title: A Unified Deep Learning Ensemble Framework for Voice-Based Parkinson's Disease Detection and Motor Severity Prediction.
Title: Translating Exosomal microRNAs from Bench to Bedside in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Subtyping Early Parkinson's Disease by Mapping Cognitive Profiles to Brain Atrophy with Visual MRI Ratings.
Title: Prediction of Parkinson Disease Using Long-Term, Short-Term Acoustic Features Based on Machine Learning.
Title: Biofeedback for Motor and Cognitive Rehabilitation in Parkinson's Disease: A Comprehensive Review of Non-Invasive Interventions.
Title: Metabolic Syndrome and Parkinson's Disease: Two Villains Join Forces.
Title: Effect of Safinamide on Non-Motor Symptoms and Quality of Life in Parkinson's Disease Patients According to Sex, Age, Disease Duration and Levodopa Equivalent Daily Dose.
Title: Deficiency of PLA2G6 Induces Ferroptosis in Dopaminergic Neurons and Contributes to Parkinson's Disease Pathogenesis via Disruption of PRDX6/FTH1/GPX4 Axis.
Title: User groups of inpatient multidisciplinary therapies for Parkinson's disease in Germany: a bicenter prospective observational study.
Title: The Mitochondrial Connection in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Evaluation of Free-Living Motor Symptoms in Patients With Parkinson Disease Through Smartwatches: Protocol for Defining Digital Biomarkers.
Title: Effect of foot reflexology on chronic pain in Parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Gut Transit Defects in Drosophila Models of Monogenic Parkinson's Disease Using a Constipation Assay.
Title: Motor and non-motor fluctuations in Parkinson's disease: the knowns and unknowns of current therapeutic approaches.
Title: Investigation of changes in the sympathetic skin response to levodopa therapy in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Lessons Learned from a Parkinson's Research Patient Advisory Board Model with Academic Centers.
Title: Paroxysmal abdominalgia as a non-motor wearing off phenomenon in Parkinson's disease. A case series and literature review.
Title: The 7 Muses of Neuro-Creative Cycle: How some patients with Parkinson's disease can unleash latent creativity.
Title: Parkinson's Disease Hospital Stay Insights: A Retrospective Analysis of Length of Stay and Contributing Factors at an Australian Tertiary Hospital.
Title: Effect of Probiotics Supplementation on REM Sleep Behavior Disorder and Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: A Pilot Study.
Title: Utility of a newly created questionnaire on subtle motor symptoms in high-risk subjects with Parkinson's disease.
Title: The Parkinson Disease-Associated Mutant DNAJC13(N855S) Leads to Its Accelerated Degradation and Negatively Affects Macroautophagy and Retromer Complex-Mediated Dynamics.
Title: Lung function and the risk of Parkinson's disease: a population-based cohort study.
Title: Prevalence and impact of orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Multi-cohort machine learning identifies predictors of cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Longitudinal dynamics of clinical and neurophysiological changes in parkinson's disease over four and a half years.
Title: Retired dentists and Parkinson's disease.
Title: Single nucleus RNA sequencing profile analysis to reveal cell type specific common molecular drivers of Parkinson's disease and therapeutic agents.
Title: Association between dietary inflammatory index and Parkinson's disease: a prospective study of 165,531 UK biobank participants.
Title: Frailty in prodromal Parkinson's disease in Medicare beneficiaries.
Title: Urolithin A improves Parkinson's disease-associated cognitive impairment through modulation of neuroinflammation and neuroplasticity.
Title: The role of gasotransmitters in Parkinson's disease: Interplay of nitric oxide, carbon monoxide, and hydrogen sulfide.
Title: Decoding Parkinson's Disease: The interplay of cell death pathways, oxidative stress, and therapeutic innovations.
Title: Identifying gait characteristics associated with freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease: An analysis of on and off medication states.
Title: Population Pharmacokinetic and Exposure-Response Analysis of the Cognitive Effects of TAK-071 in Participants With Parkinson Disease and Cognitive Impairment.
Title: Trends, Prevalence of Bradyarrhythmia and Pacemaker Implantation in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Spectro-Image Analysis with Vision Graph Neural Networks and Contrastive Learning for Parkinson's Disease Detection.
Title: Resting-State EEG Alpha Asymmetry as a Potential Marker of Clinical Features in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Discovery of 
Title: Subthalamic Electrophysiological Mapping of Gait Initiation Dynamics and Freezing in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: GAMMA-PD: Graph-based Analysis of Multi-Modal Motor Impairment Assessments in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Diagnosis, evaluation, and management of cognitive disorders in Parkinson's disease: Consensus recommendations from a modified Delphi process.
Title: Research progress of assessment tools for Parkinson's disease psychosis in China.
Title: Unraveling the mystery: How autophagy deficiency in dopaminergic neurons drives human Parkinson's disease.
Title: Perceived social support in the daily life of people with Parkinson's disease: a distinct role and potential classifier.
Title: Diffusion-tensor MRI study of the relationship between glymphatic system asymmetry and onset lateralization in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Human gut microbiome gene co-expression network reveals a loss in taxonomic and functional diversity in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Unique nigral and cortical pathways implicated by epigenomic and transcriptional analyses in rotenone Parkinson's model.
Title: Early post-deep brain stimulation psychiatric adverse events in Parkinson's disease: a narrative review.
Title: Machine learning approach effectively discriminates between Parkinson's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy: Multi-level indices of rs-fMRI.
Title: Comparative efficacy of dance therapies for Parkinson's disease: Insights from a network meta-analysis.
Title: Exploring spatiotemporal and kinematic gait parameters in individuals with Parkinson's disease across different motor phenotypes: A comparative study with and without dopaminergic therapy.
Title: Inspiratory muscle training enhances cardiac autonomic response to orthostatic stress in patients with Parkinson's disease: a preliminary study.
Title: Application of quantitative EEG analysis in machine learning research on cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review.
Title: Embodied concepts in Parkinson's disease: Insights from fruits versus animals semantic fluency impairments.
Title: Subcutaneous Foslevodopa as Rescue Therapy for Abrupt Interruption of Oral Dopaminergic Treatment in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Profile of People With Parkinson's Disease Treated With a Device-Aided Therapy in Spain. A Comparative Multicenter Observational Study.
Title: Investigating white matter alterations in Parkinson's disease using multi-shell free-water DTI and NODDI: insights into neurodegeneration and levodopa effects.
Title: Differential methylation of 
Title: Protein regulatory network mediated by palmitoylation modifications in the pathological progression of Parkinson's disease: a narrative review.
Title: Unmet needs in the pharmacological management of motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Uncovering the Associations of LILRB4 Genotypes With Parkinson's Disease: From Clinical Traits to Potential Pathologies.
Title: Unveiling Lipid Droplet Dynamics in Parkinson's Disease via a Polarity-Responsive Alkenyl Indole-Based Fluorophore.
Title: The Yeast Parkinson's Disease Model Exhibits An Increase in Peroxisome Number Independent of the Division Proteins Vps1 and Dnm1.
Title: Oleuropein Aglycone, an Olive Polyphenol, Influences Alpha-Synuclein Aggregation and Exerts Neuroprotective Effects in Different Parkinson's Disease Models.
Title: Interleukin-33 promotes dopaminergic neuron survival and inhibits glial activation in Parkinson's disease models.
Title: Nanotechnology-enhanced neuroprotection: a novel idebenone nanoprodrug conjugate strategy for Parkinson's disease.
Title: A Theoretical and Practical Analysis of Membrane Protein Genes Altered in Neutrophils in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Effects of neural stem cell-derived exosomes on MPTP-induced Parkinson's disease in mice.
Title: A case of schizophrenia with Parkinson's disease: Reduced dopamine transporter binding in unilateral striatum and normal uptake pattern of 123I-MIBG myocardial scintigraphy.
Title: Supervised-not voluntary-upper limb exercise enhances vestibular function in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Impact of dance/music and meditation on the progression of Parkinson's disease with mild/ moderate severity: a single-blinded randomized controlled pilot study.
Title: ParkProReakt-evaluation of a proactive approach to healthcare in Parkinson's disease: a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
Title: Green, innovative oral capsules of three anti-Parkinson's drugs: formulation, 
Title: Carbon-based nanotechnology for Parkinson's disease: diagnostic and therapeutic innovations.
Title: Addressing Variability and Bridging the Gap in Parkinson's Disease Care: A Call to Action.
Title: Ergothioneine Treatment Ameliorates the Pathological Phenotypes of Parkinson's Disease Models.
Title: Video Urodynamic Study in Patients with Parkinson's Disease and Multiple System Atrophy.
Title: Exploring Immunogenetic Mechanisms in Parkinson's Disease Using Single-Cell Transcriptomics and Mendelian Randomization.
Title: The evolution of tremor in Parkinson's Disease: insights from a 4-year longitudinal assessment.
Title: Regulating astrocytic activity in the dorsal striatum mitigates L-dopa-induced dyskinesia in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Comparing the biopsychosocial impact of group singing and yoga activities in older adults living with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Stereotactic infusion of rotenone into the SN induced a late-stage model of Parkinson's disease.
Title: The unexplored Nexus: Mitochondria derived microproteins and Parkinson's disease.
Title: PROTECTIVE EFFECTS OF CURCUMA LONGA IN A ROTENONE-INDUCED RAT MODEL OF PARKINSON'S DISEASE: ELECTROPHYSIOLOGICAL AND BEHAVIORAL EVIDENCE.
Title: Differential Cortical Responses of Functional and Sensory Electrical Stimulation in Closed-Loop Tremor Suppression for Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Declining incidence of Parkinson's disease in Israel (2002-2021).
Title: Examining Loneliness in People With Parkinson Disease Participating in Community-based Exercise.
Title: Molecular Function of Midnolin and Its Relevance to Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Assessment of body composition, sarcopenia and protein intake in mild to moderate Parkinson's disease.
Title: High fat diet and low dose-rotenone exposure exacerbate Parkinson's disease like pathology through gut-brain axis disruption.
Title: Neuroprotective and neurorestorative properties of Mesembryanthemum tortuosum in a Parkinson's disease zebrafish larvae model.
Title: Could serum IGF-1 and IGF-2 serve as potential biomarkers in idiopathic Parkinson's disease? A correlation with disease stages.
Title: Comparison of levodopa response rate in association with clinical features in Parkinson's disease subjects with and without STN-DBS.
Title: Evaluating the Utility of Wearable Sensors for the Early Diagnosis of Parkinson Disease: Systematic Review.
Title: PPM1M, an LRRK2-counteracting, phosphoRab12-preferring phosphatase with a potential link to Parkinson's disease.
Title: Fluorescence Imaging of Neuroblastocyte Differentiation and Parkinson's Brain Tissue Lesions Examined by a Norepinephrine-Activated Molecular Probe.
Title: Asleep versus awake deep brain stimulation in the treatment of Parkinson disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association of blood pressure variability with white matter hyperintensities and nigrostriatal dopaminergic deficits in drug-naïve Parkinson's disease.
Title: Asymmetrical Auditory Dysfunction as a Potential Nonmotor Lateralizing Sign in Parkinson's Disease: A Case-Control Study.
Title: Gender differences in prescribing patterns for patients with Parkinson's disease in Japan: a retrospective observational study using insurance claims databases.
Title: AquaDualPark Study - Effects of Aquatic and Land-Based Dual-Task Exercise Program on Motor and Cognitive Functions of People With Parkinson's Disease: Protocol for a Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Integrated Single-Cell and Spatial Transcriptomic Analysis Identifies ISR-Related Genes Driving Immune Regulation in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Evaluation of a blended learning program designed to improve clinical practice skills in novice healthcare professionals caring for patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Distinctive cognitive phenotypes in Parkinson's disease patients with GBA mutations and without dementia: a multicentre cross-sectional retrospective study.
Title: Gait and balance dysfunction are associated with cognitive performance only in men with Parkinson's disease.
Title: A case of Frégoli syndrome following 24-hour levodopa-carbidopa intestinal gel infusion in a patient with Parkinson's disease undergoing STN-DBS.
Title: Regional changes in the prevalence of Parkinson's disease over a ten-year period in the state of Texas.
Title: Exploring behavior, motivation, and barriers to exercise in Parkinson disease.
Title: Spatial memory deficits in Parkinson's disease: neural mechanisms and assessment.
Title: Assessment of auditory perceptual functions in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Reliability of Neuroimaging and Neurophysiological Tremor Features in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Extracellular LCN2 Binding to 24p3R in Astrocytes Impedes α-Synuclein Endocytosis in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: [Research progress on Parkinson's disease treatment with traditional Chinese medicine via regulating Nrf2/HO-1 signaling pathway].
Title: Accurate Neurotransmitter Release by Ultrasound-Responsive Nanomaterials for Alleviating L-DOPA-Induced Dyskinesia in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Metamorphopsia in a Male with Parkinson Disease: A Giant Problem?
Title: NAD+-Boosters Improve Mitochondria Quality Control In Parkinson's Disease Models Via Mitochondrial UPR.
Title: Subtyping of Parkinson's Disease by Longitudinal Trajectories of Levodopa Equivalent Daily Dose.
Title: Torsades de Pointes in a Stable Patient With Parkinson Disease-Mimic or Life-Threatening Arrhythmia?
Title: AHSA1/Hsp90α Complex Facilitates Microglial Mitophagy by Targeting TOMM70 in Parkinson Disease.
Title: Enhanced focality and intensity in deep brain targeting: In silico study on multi-channel temporal interference stimulation for Parkinson's disease.
Title: Epidural spinal cord stimulation for the management of orthostatic hypotension in Parkinson's disease: A case report.
Title: Detecting delirium in Parkinson's disease: an evaluation of diagnostic accuracy of bedside tools.
Title: Activated TBK1 promotes ACSL1-mediated microglia lipid droplet accumulation and neuroinflammation in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Acupuncture versus sham acupuncture in the treatment of insomnia for patients with Parkinson's disease: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
