Title: Effects of visual exposure to natural (vs. Built) environments on delay discounting and demand for substances: Preliminary evidence and future directions.
Title: Human Contact Frequency as a Dominant Ecological Driver of Fungal Community Assembly and Homogenization in Public Built Environments.
Title: "You thrive where you are:" Experiences of neighborhood built environments, mental health and wellbeing among residents of disinvested neighborhoods.
Title: Association of Neighborhood Built Environments with Physical Activity and Diabetes Mellitus Incidence.
Title: A review of UVC air disinfection for built environments: Inactivation mechanisms, kinetic models, and influencing determinants.
Title: Linking built environments and pre-crash pedestrian behaviors: A Safe Systems approach to crash severity.
Title: The geography of risk: understanding disparities in nonmedical opioid mortality and the role of socio-built environments in New Jersey.
Title: Enhancing the digital adoption in healthcare built environments: a framework for a therapeutic user-based wayfinding system.
Title: Distribution of nematophagous fungi and soil-transmitted helminths in outdoor built environments across Latin America.
Title: Making space for palliative care: Built environments and social practices in a novel, non-clinical respite setting.
Title: Rural-urban differences in perceived social and built environments and associations with physical activity among youth in the United States.
Title: Unraveling nonlinear impacts of seasonal climate and built environments on exercise walking in high-density cities via a modified machine learning approach.
Title: Current trends in art and design for paediatric wellness in built environments (2020-2025): a thematic review.
Title: Connecting health and place through age-friendly built environments to reduce experiences of loneliness (mokemoke) for Māori.
Title: Comparing perceived and objective measures of neighbourhood built environments among youth and adults in Canada.
Title: Neighborhood built environments and social inclusion among older adults with memory problems: a caregiver survey.
Title: Comparison of QIIME1 and QIIME2 for Analyzing Fungal Samples from Various Built Environments.
Title: Urban Accessibility or Social Inequality? A Multilevel Spatial Analysis of Built Environments and Type 2 Diabetes in Milan.
Title: A mixed-methods investigation for effects of built environments on older people's social interaction in care homes.
Title: Associations between social and built environments and cardiovascular disease mortality across 342 Latin American cities: results from the SALURBAL study.
Title: Turning corners in built environments shifts spatial attention costs.
Title: Environment matters: Understanding the social and built environment's role in pediatric surgical outcomes.
Title: Natural and built environments and heart failure risk: An exposome-wide analysis in the UK Biobank.
Title: Municipal officials' perspectives on challenges and opportunities in shaping urban built environments for active living in Thailand: a qualitative study.
Title: Measuring Street Built Environments for Children's Use: A Systematic Review of Measurement Tools.
Title: Method to Understand Value Generation in Healthcare Built Environments Based on the Means-End Chain Approach.
Title: Spatial heterogeneity of built environment's impact on urban vitality using multi-source big data and MGWR.
Title: Social disparities in exposures to neighbourhood obesogenic built environments in Czechia.
Title: Evaluating the benefits of green exercise: A randomized controlled trial in natural and built environments assessed for their restorative properties.
Title: Parasite contamination of soil in different Peruvian locations and outside built environments.
Title: Exploring nonlinear and interaction effects of urban campus built environments on exercise walking using crowdsourced data.
Title: Molecular Characterization of Cefoxitin-Resistant Coagulase-Negative Staphylococci From Frequently Touched Surfaces of Hospital and Urban-Built Environments of Central India.
Title: Multifaceted impacts of double-aging neighborhood's built environments on SAIP: a deep dive into Chinese rapidly aging urban society.
Title: Hear it here: Built environments predict ratings and descriptions of ambiguous sounds.
Title: Identifying Community-Built Environment's Effect on Physical Activity and Depressive Symptoms Trajectories Among Middle-aged and Older Adults: Chinese National Longitudinal Study.
Title: Architecture and public health: from harmful designs to healthy built environments.
Title: Environmental Affordance for Physical Activity, Neurosustainability, and Brain Health: Quantifying the Built Environment's Ability to Sustain BDNF Release by Reaching Metabolic Equivalents (METs).
Title: Understanding the interactions that children and young people have with their natural and built environments: A survey to identify targets for active travel behaviour change in Wales.
Title: Diverse and specialized metabolic capabilities of microbes in oligotrophic built environments.
Title: How do urban block built environments affect older adults' walking activities and health effects: a case study in Nanjing, China.
Title: Climate hazards in Latin American cities: Understanding the role of the social and built environments and barriers to adaptation action.
Title: A review of 
Title: Characteristics of Home and Neighborhood Built Environments During COVID-19 for Older Adults in the United States and Italy.
Title: Environmental enrichment: a systematic review on the effect of a changing spatial complexity on hippocampal neurogenesis and plasticity in rodents, with considerations for translation to urban and built environments for humans.
Title: Fungal diversity differences in the indoor dust microbiome from built environments on earth and in space.
Title: Psychophysiological effects of walking in forests and urban built environments with disparate road traffic noise exposure: study protocol of a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Biocontrol in built environments to reduce pathogen exposure and infection risk.
Title: Socially sustainable housing and built environments to support the health and social inclusion of older adults: protocol for a scoping review and stakeholder consultation.
Title: Prioritizing a research agenda on built environments and physical activity: a twin panel Delphi consensus process with researchers and knowledge users.
Title: Neighborhood Built Environments and Health in Later Life: A Literature Review.
Title: Built Environments to Support Rehabilitation for People With Stroke From the Hospital to the Home (B-Sure): Protocol for a Mixed Method Participatory Co-Design Study.
Title: The 'Double Risk' of Aging: Examining Vulnerability and (Un)supportive Built Environments in Canadian Cities.
Title: Built Environments and Frailty in Older Adults: The JAGES Longitudinal Study Using Mediation Analysis.
Title: Potential airborne human pathogens: A relevant inhabitant in built environments but not considered in indoor air quality standards.
Title: The Role and Implication of UD to Foster Inclusion in Built Environments.
Title: Assessing runners' exposure to natural and built environments in the Netherlands: A descriptive assessment based on GPS tracking.
Title: Location-based collective distress using large-scale biosignals in real life for walkable built environments.
Title: Urban built environments: interventions for reducing cardiometabolic risks.
Title: Cross-Sectional Study of Location-Based Built Environments, Physical Activity, Dietary Intake, and Body Mass Index in Adult Twins.
Title: Exploring the Relationships between Multilevel Built Environments and Commute Durations in Dual-Earner Households: Does Gender Matter?
Title: Removal of NO at low concentration from air in urban built environments by activated miscanthus biochar.
Title: Mechanisms influencing the factors of urban built environments and coronavirus disease 2019 at macroscopic and microscopic scales: The role of cities.
Title: Life Expectancy and Built Environments in the U.S.: A Multilevel Analysis.
Title: Walkability and urban built environments-a systematic review of health impact assessments (HIA).
Title: Bike-Sharing Station Usage and the Surrounding Built Environments in Major Texas Cities.
Title: Examining the Nonlinear Effects of Residential and Workplace-built Environments on Active Travel in Short-Distance: A Random Forest Approach.
Title: Sunshine duration and risks of schizophrenia hospitalizations in main urban area: Do built environments modify the association?
Title: Mapping and analysis of laws influencing built environments for walking and cycling in Australia.
Title: The field of human building interaction for convergent research and innovation for intelligent built environments.
Title: Influence of Neighborhood Built Environments on the Outdoor Free Play of Young Children: a Systematic, Mixed-Studies Review and Thematic Synthesis.
Title: A novel method to map community- and neighborhood-level access to rural physical activity built environments in the United States.
Title: School Built Environments and Bullying Behaviour: A Conceptual Model Based on Qualitative Interviews.
Title: Comparison of airborne bacteria and fungi in different built environments in selected cities in five climate zones of China.
Title: Built Environments and Cardiovascular Health: REVIEW AND IMPLICATIONS.
Title: Built Environments And Child Health in WalEs and AuStralia (BEACHES): a study protocol.
Title: Using Convolutional Neural Networks to Derive Neighborhood Built Environments from Google Street View Images and Examine Their Associations with Health Outcomes.
Title: The impact of virtual reality natural and built environments on affective responses: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Microbial Burden Estimation of Food Items, Built Environments, and the International Space Station Using Film Media.
Title: Socioeconomic Variation in the Relationship Between Neighbourhoods' Built Environments and the Spread of COVID-19 in Toronto, Canada.
Title: Examining the state, quality and strength of the evidence in the research on built environments and physical activity among adults: An overview of reviews from high income countries.
Title: Functional brain connectivity during exposure to the scale and color of interior built environments.
Title: Association between built environments and quality of life among community residents: mediation analysis of air pollution.
Title: A Mixed-Methods Participatory Intervention Design Process to Develop Intervention Options in Immediate Food and Built Environments to Support Healthy Eating and Active Living among Children and Adolescents in Cameroon and South Africa.
Title: Correction: Leisure sedentary time and physical activity are higher in neighbourhoods with denser greenness and better built environments: an analysis of the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging.
Title: Role of Built Environments on Physical Activity and Health Promotion: A Review and Policy Insights.
Title: Motives and Barriers Related to Physical Activity within Different Types of Built Environments: Implications for Health Promotion.
Title: Association between Urban Built Environments and Moderate-to-Vigorous Physical Activity of Adolescents: A Cross-Lagged Study in Shanghai, China.
Title: Built environments and frailty in older adults: A three-year longitudinal JAGES study.
Title: Using combined Global Position System and accelerometer data points to examine how built environments and gentrification are associated with physical activity in four Canadian cities.
Title: Examining the state, quality and strength of the evidence in the research on built environments and physical activity among children and youth: An overview of reviews from high income countries.
Title: Antibiotic-resistant organisms establish reservoirs in new hospital built environments and are related to patient blood infection isolates.
Title: Measuring Perceived Psychological Stress in Urban Built Environments Using Google Street View and Deep Learning.
Title: Association between built environments and weight status: evidence from longitudinal data of 9589 Australian children.
Title: Cross-Sectional Associations between Living and Built Environments and Depression Symptoms among Chinese Older Adults.
Title: Neighborhood built environments and Hispanic/Latino adults' physical activity in the U.S.: The Hispanic community health study/study of Latinos community and surrounding areas study.
Title: The 4E approach to the human microbiome: Nested interactions between the gut-brain/body system within natural and built environments.
Title: Neighborhood built environments and cognition in later life.
Title: Application of an adapted FMEA framework for robot-inclusivity of built environments.
Title: Aging, frailty, and design of built environments.
Title: Impact of Exposure to Natural and Built Environments on Positive and Negative Affect: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Exploring the spatial scale effects of built environments on transport walking: Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis.
Title: Smart Watch Versus Classic Receivers: Static Validity of Three GPS Devices in Different Types of Built Environments.
Title: Leisure sedentary time and physical activity are higher in neighbourhoods with denser greenness and better built environments: an analysis of the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging.
Title: Evaluating the Impact of Social and Built Environments on Health-Related Quality of Life among Cancer Survivors.
Title: Attributes of the food and physical activity built environments from the Southern Cone of Latin America.
Title: Google street view image availability in the Bronx and San Diego, 2007-2020: Understanding potential biases in virtual audits of urban built environments.
Title: The Effect of High-Density Built Environments on Elderly Individuals' Physical Health: A Cross-Sectional Study in Guangzhou, China.
Title: Impact of COVID-19 containment zone built-environments on students' mental health and their coping mechanisms.
Title: Surveillance and prevalence of antimicrobial resistant bacteria from public settings within urban built environments: Challenges and opportunities for hygiene and infection control.
Title: Natural and built environments and blood pressure of Alpine schoolchildren.
Title: Why hospital design matters: A narrative review of built environments research relevant to stroke care.
Title: Built environments for inpatient stroke rehabilitation services and care: a systematic literature review.
Title: An Instance Segmentation and Clustering Model for Energy Audit Assessments in Built Environments: A Multi-Stage Approach.
Title: Associations between Community Built Environments with Early Care and Education Classroom Physical Activity Practices and Barriers.
Title: Archiving time series sewage samples as biological records of built environments.
Title: Developing a Subjective Evaluation Scale for Assessing the Built Environments of China's Hygienic City Initiative.
Title: Intensive Care Unit Built Environments: A Comprehensive Literature Review (2005-2020).
Title: How urban and rural built environments influence the health attitudes and behaviors of people who use drugs.
Title: Social and Built Environments Related to Cognitive Function of Older Adults: A Multi-Level Analysis Study in Taiwan.
Title: JRDB: A Dataset and Benchmark of Egocentric Robot Visual Perception of Humans in Built Environments.
Title: Relationship between built environments and risks of ischemic stroke based on meteorological factors: A case study of Wuhan's main urban area.
Title: Change in walking steps and association with built environments during the COVID-19 state of emergency: A longitudinal comparison with the first half of 2019 in Yokohama, Japan.
Title: Objectively Measured Built Environments and Cardiovascular Diseases in Middle-Aged and Older Korean Adults.
Title: Brain functional connectivity differs when viewing pictures from natural and built environments using fMRI resting state analysis.
Title: Associations of social cohesion and quality of life with objective and perceived built environments: a latent profile analysis among seniors.
Title: High fidelity modeling of aerosol pathogen propagation in built environments with moving pedestrians.
Title: Walking-friendly built environments and objectively measured physical function in older adults.
Title: Leveraging 31 Million Google Street View Images to Characterize Built Environments and Examine County Health Outcomes.
Title: Understanding building-occupant-microbiome interactions toward healthy built environments: A review.
Title: End-to-End Protocol for the Detection of SARS-CoV-2 from Built Environments.
Title: The role of perceived pedestrian safety on designing safer built environments.
Title: Segmenting areas of potential contamination for adaptive robotic disinfection in built environments.
Title: Thinking relationally about built environments and walkability: A study of adult walking behavior in Waterloo, Ontario.
Title: COVID-19 Lockdown: Housing Built Environment's Effects on Mental Health.
Title: Creating Built Environments That Expand Active Transportation and Active Living Across the United States: A Policy Statement From the American Heart Association.
Title: Natural Categorization: Electrophysiological Responses to Viewing Natural Versus Built Environments.
Title: Does elderly safety matter? Associations between built environments and pedestrian crashes in Seoul, Korea.
Title: Impact of Built Environments on Body Weight (the Moving to Health Study): Protocol for a Retrospective Longitudinal Observational Study.
Title: Biomimicry for Regenerative Built Environments: Mapping Design Strategies for Producing Ecosystem Services.
Title: Assessing the maturity of community-level built environments for older adults' active behaviors: highlights from a psychometric test.
Title: Exploring the role of built environments and depressive symptoms in community-dwelling older adults: A case of Taiwan.
Title: Association of Built Environments With Frequency of Going Outdoors Among Older Community-Dwelling Adults in Japan.
Title: A tracing method of airborne bacteria transmission across built environments.
Title: Overview of "Systematic Reviews" of the Built Environment's Effects on Mental Health.
Title: Livestock faecal indicators for animal management, penning, foddering and dung use in early agricultural built environments in the Konya Plain, Central Anatolia.
Title: Built Environments and Cardiometabolic Morbidity and Mortality in Remote Indigenous Communities in the Northern Territory, Australia.
Title: Studying the impact of built environments on human mental health in everyday life: methodological developments, state-of-the-art and technological frontiers.
Title: The Importance of Pedestrian Network Connectivity for Adolescent Health: A Cross-sectional Examination of Associations between Neighbourhood Built Environments and Metabolic Health in the Pacific Islands Families Birth Cohort Study.
Title: Impact of Neighborhood Built Environments on Shopping Travel Modes in Shanghai, China.
Title: Accelerometer and GPS Data to Analyze Built Environments and Physical Activity.
Title: Association of the built environments and health-related quality of life in community-dwelling older adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Association of neighborhood built environments with childhood obesity: Evidence from a 9-year longitudinal, nationally representative survey in the US.
Title: Children's Transport Built Environments: A Mixed Methods Study of Associations between Perceived and Objective Measures and Relationships with Parent Licence for Independent Mobility in Auckland, New Zealand.
Title: Identifying high-risk built environments for severe bicycling injuries.
Title: Man-made microbial resistances in built environments.
Title: Uncovering the hidden microbiota in hospital and built environments: New approaches and solutions.
Title: Physical and spatial assessment of school neighbourhood built environments for active transport to school in adolescents from Dunedin (New Zealand).
Title: Evaluating Universal Design in Built Environments - A Scoping Project.
Title: Wing morphometric variability in Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae) from different urban built environments.
Title: Activity-Friendly Built Environments in a Super-Aged Society, Japan: Current Challenges and toward a Research Agenda.
Title: Embedding health equity strategically within built environments.
Title: Relations between Objective and Perceived Built Environments and the Modifying Role of Individual Socioeconomic Position. A Cross-Sectional Study on Traffic Noise and Urban Green Space in a Large German City.
Title: Association between objectively measured built environments and adult physical activity in Gyeonggi province, Korea.
Title: The impact of exposure to films of natural and built environments on state body appreciation.
Title: Built environments for frail older adults: The now and next.
Title: Microbiome Special Issue: Food, Drugs, Diagnostics, and Built Environments.
Title: Analyzing Walking Route Choice through Built Environments using Random Forests and Discrete Choice Techniques.
Title: Transmission of Airborne Bacteria across Built Environments and Its Measurement Standards: A Review.
Title: Associations of Residential Socioeconomic, Food, and Built Environments With Glycemic Control in Persons With Diabetes in New York City From 2007-2013.
Title: Development and testing of a community audit tool to assess rural built environments: Inventories for Community Health Assessment in Rural Towns.
Title: Reverse Flow: The Role of Built Environments in Shaping Disaster.
Title: Interactions of psychosocial factors with built environments in explaining adolescents' active transportation.
Title: Focal and Ambient Processing of Built Environments: Intellectual and Atmospheric Experiences of Architecture.
Title: Policy, Research and Residents' Perspectives on Built Environments Implicated in Heart Disease: A Concept Mapping Approach.
Title: Contextualizing Walkability: Do Relationships Between Built Environments and Walking Vary by Socioeconomic Context?
Title: How much are built environments changing, and where?: Patterns of change by neighborhood sociodemographic characteristics across seven U.S. metropolitan areas.
Title: A GPS-Based Methodology to Analyze Environment-Health Associations at the Trip Level: Case-Crossover Analyses of Built Environments and Walking.
Title: Universal Design Criteria in Standards and Codes About Accessibility of Built Environments in Brazil.
Title: What role for environmental public health practitioners in promoting healthy built environments?
Title: Association between social and built environments and leisure-time physical activity among Chinese older adults--a multilevel analysis.
Title: Does the effect of walkable built environments vary by neighborhood socioeconomic status?
Title: Built Environments and Active Living in Rural and Remote Areas: a Review of the Literature.
Title: Geoprocessing via google maps for assessing obesogenic built environments related to physical activity and chronic noncommunicable diseases: validity and reliability.
Title: Urban social and built environments and trajectories of decline in social engagement in vulnerable elders: findings from Detroit's Medicaid home and community-based waiver population.
Title: Characteristics of walkable built environments and BMI z-scores in children: evidence from a large electronic health record database.
Title: The relationship between perceived health and physical activity indoors, outdoors in built environments, and outdoors in nature.
Title: Soft qualities in healthcare. Method and tools for soft qualities design in hospitals' built environments.
Title: Understanding the independent and joint associations of the home and workplace built environments on cardiorespiratory fitness and body mass index.
Title: The role of physicians in promoting healthier built environments.
Title: Comparison of Multi-Drug Resistant Environmental Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus Isolated from Recreational Beaches and High Touch Surfaces in Built Environments.
Title: The influence of urban natural and built environments on physiological and psychological measures of stress--a pilot study.
Title: Young children's perspectives of ideal physical design features for hospital-built environments.
Title: Measuring the food and built environments in urban centres: reliability and validity of the EURO-PREVOB Community Questionnaire.
Title: [Projeto ESPAÇOS de Curitiba, Brazil: applicability of mixed research methods and geo-referenced information in studies about physical activity and built environments].
Title: Advancing science and policy through a coordinated international study of physical activity and built environments: IPEN adult methods.
Title: The relationship between built environments and physical activity: a systematic review.
Title: Creating a replicable, valid cross-platform buffering technique: the sausage network buffer for measuring food and physical activity built environments.
Title: Microbiomes of built environments: 2011 symposium highlights and workgroup recommendations.
Title: Role of built environments in physical activity, obesity, and cardiovascular disease.
Title: Local health department leadership strategies for healthy built environments.
Title: Coming to consensus on policy to create supportive built environments and community design.
Title: Combating childhood obesity: a survey of laws affecting the built environments of low-income and minority children.
Title: A direct assessment of "obesogenic" built environments: challenges and recommendations.
Title: Neighbourhood street connectivity and injury in youth: a national study of built environments in Canada.
Title: Design of built environments to accommodate mobility scooter users: part II.
Title: Grocery Shopping How Individuals and Built Environments Influence Choice of Travel Mode.
Title: Design of built environments to accommodate mobility scooter users: part I.
Title: The Healthy Built Environments Program: a joint initiative of the NSW Department of Health and the University of NSW.
Title: The role of social and built environments in predicting self-rated stress: A multilevel analysis in Philadelphia.
Title: Neighborhood socioeconomic conditions, built environments, and childhood obesity.
Title: Physical activity levels of children living in different built environments.
Title: Urban built environments and trajectories of mobility disability: findings from a national sample of community-dwelling American adults (1986-2001).
Title: Built environments and obesity in disadvantaged populations.
Title: Proceedings of the workshop: Measures of the Food and Built Environments Workshop, November 2007.
Title: Stepping towards causation: do built environments or neighborhood and travel preferences explain physical activity, driving, and obesity?
Title: Changing social and built environments to promote physical activity: recommendations from low income, urban women.
Title: The role of built environments in physical activity, eating, and obesity in childhood.
Title: The Irvine-Minnesota inventory to measure built environments: reliability tests.
Title: The Irvine-Minnesota inventory to measure built environments: development.
Title: Patient-centred improvements in health-care built environments: perspectives and design indicators.
Title: Active design of built environments for increasing levels of physical activity in adults: the ENABLE London natural experiment study
Title: FAQ: Microbiology of Built Environments: Report on an American Academy of Microbiology Colloquium held in Washington, DC, in September 2015
