1.- Improved chaos-enhanced FOX for clustering-based supervised medical classification.
2.- New insights into chaos in Rulkov map.
3.- Phase chaos laser generation utilizing controlled optical injection and nonlinear phase locking.
4.- Ultra-broadband parallel chaos generation in photonic crystal fibers with ultrafast laser pumping.
5.- Dual-domain real-time optical transmission system based on adaptive cascaded chaos enhancement.
6.- Prediction of optical chaos based on a liquid neural network.
7.- Recent applications of chaos theory in medical sciences: progress and challenges.
8.- Detecting deterministic chaos in a high-complexity fire model.
9.- "It was complete chaos day and night and no one was able to help": A qualitative study on the support needs of family members exposed to violence by patients with brain tumors.
10.- Reliability evaluation of electricity-hydrogen integrated energy system considering aging failure based on data-driven polynomial chaos expansion.
11.- From EHR chaos to clinical clarity: enhancing foundational encoders with task-specific attention for domain-oriented representation learning in downstream clinical applications.
12.- Alternative splicing in plants: emerging order from chaos.
13.- Cargo Pants for Chaos.
14.- A recipe for chaos: Extrachromosomal DNA and the hallmarks of cancer.
15.- Quantum-informed machine learning for predicting spatiotemporal chaos with practical quantum advantage.
16.- Evolution of a trait distributed over a large fragmented population: propagation of chaos meets adaptive dynamics.
17.- DANCE: Deep Learning-Assisted Analysis of ProteiN Sequences Using Chaos Enhanced Kaleidoscopic Images.
18.- Debate: Young people are living in unprecedented times - too much chaos or too little resilience?: No Pain, No Gain? Why articulating distress marks youth resilience.
19.- Spatiotemporal chaos based on a multimode laser for parallel physical random number generation.
20.- Nonlinear Ultrasonic Time-Domain Identification Based on Chaos Sensitivity and Its Application to Fatigue Detection of U71Mn Rail Steels.
21.- From chaos to clarity: schema-constrained AI for auditable biomedical evidence extraction from full-text PDFs.
22.- Atomic and molecular collisions: classical and quantum dynamics, chaos and fractals, periodic orbits, quantum mechanical resonances, gas-surface scattering, atomic and molecular clusters, atoms and molecules under confinement: a kaleidoscopic view.
23.- Fundamental Limits to Cat Code Qubits from Chaos-Assisted Tunneling.
24.- Erratum: "Dynamical analysis of a class of Caputo hetero-order fractional differential systems with double time delays" [Chaos 36, 013133 (2026)].
25.- PhageCGRNet: Integrating Chaos Game Representation of Genomes with Convolutional Neural Network for accurate phage host classification prediction.
26.- Calm in chaos: leadership lessons on psychological safety from humanitarian and emergency care.
27.- Chaos and synchronization in financial leverages dynamics: Modeling systemic risk with coupled unimodal maps.
28.- Intermittent Two-Point Dynamics at the Transition to Chaos for Random Circle Endomorphisms.
29.- Bifurcation, chaos, multistability, and pattern formation of a discrete predator-prey model with Allee effect.
30.- SCD-CHAOS: dynamic S-box and chaotic hybrid adaptive image encryption using multi-map diffusion.
31.- CHAOS - A Large-scale Database for σ-Profiles and Other Molecular Descriptors.
32.- Optical micro-ring resonator as an enabler for flat chaos generation.
33.- Chaos quasi-opposition arithmetic algorithm-based Robust improved frequency regulation for restructured hybrid power system integrating renewable energy sources.
34.- At the Edge of Chaos: Complexity Science and Critical Care in the Era of Artificial Intelligence.
35.- Chaos-Embedded Multi-Objective Intelligent Optimization-Based Explainable Classification Model for Determining Cherry Fruit Fly Infestation Levels Using Pomological Data.
36.- Nonlinear dynamical analysis of chaos, fractal complexity, and entropy in EEG signals during music therapy in ICU burn patients.
37.- From Chaos to Clarity: Efficiency Tools for APRN Onboarding.
38.- Matrix logistic map: Fractal spectral distributions and transfer of chaos.
39.- Debate: Young people are living in unprecedented times - too much chaos or too little resilience? Protecting young people in perilous times calls for bolstering multisystem resilience as well as mitigating risk.
40.- Productive chaos and precision engineering: decoupling discovery from manufacturing to revolutionize plant-inspired therapeutics.
41.- Bringing Order to Chaos in High-Entropy Electrocatalysts.
42.- Debate: Young people are living in unprecedented times-too much chaos or too little resilience? Beyond the 'chaos' storyline-Modernising resilience frameworks and mental health care for children and young people in a neurodiversity inclusive digital world.
43.- Source separation for decryption in chaos-masked optical transmission systems.
44.- Galaxies in Chaos, Kids Oddly Fine!: Lurid headlines don't give American children enough credit.
45.- Optimization of laser welding process parameters based on Chaos-NRBO-KELM and URCMO.
46.- Loschmidt echo and scrambling of systematic errors in tomography-A quantum signature of chaos.
47.- 'You're in chaos - and no one knows it': daily functional experience of young women emerging from out-of-home care in Israel.
48.- Debate: Young people are living in unprecedented times - too much chaos or too little resilience?: an argument to talk less about resilience.
49.- Chaos in the dynamics of electromagnetic solitons in relativistic degenerate plasmas.
50.- My Father's Car Stranded in the Flooded Desert: Art Therapy in the Face of Climate Chaos.
51.- Erratum: "Polynomial-time solution of prime factorization and NP-complete problems with digital memcomputing machines" [Chaos 27, 023107 (2017)].
52.- Calm in the Chaos: A Mixed-Methods Pilot Study Using a Mobile Mindfulness App to Manage Stress and Burnout Among Emergency Department Nurses.
53.- Complexity and psychopathology: from mechanistic science to a physical understanding of the mental conditions based on chaos and complexity.
54.- Reversible medical image cryptography using spatial XOR-rotation and chaos-driven permutation and diffusion schemes.
55.- Calm amidst chaos.
56.- Blindspots of empiricism in the discovery of chaos theory.
57.- Therapy-induced rapid drug resistance driven by genome chaos and polyploid giant cancer cells.
58.- Organizing the Chaos: A Day in the Life of Brant Isakson, University of Virginia, USA.
59.- Multistability, Chaos, and Control in the Deterministic and Stochastic Dynamics of Noise-Driven Nonlinear Oscillators.
60.- Why don't we teach medical students to work in chaos?
61.- Changing Family Dynamics Through Childhood: Exploring Household Chaos as a Moderator of Bidirectional Effects Between Parent and Child Behaviors.
62.- [Structure over chaos: crafting the ideal diagnosis section in discharge summaries].
63.- Energy transport and chaos in a one-dimensional disordered nonlinear stub lattice.
64.- Beyond the chaos: How architecture structures tumour biology.
65.- Noise-Limited Failure of OGY Chaos Control in Regulating Monosynaptic Reflex Variability in the In Vivo Cat Spinal Cord.
66.- Optimizing Nonablative Fractional Laser Treatment: Clinical Evaluation of a Novel 3-Dimentional Controlled Chaos Technology.
67.- Data-driven prediction of large-scale spatiotemporal chaos with distributed low-dimensional models.
68.- Two-local modifications of Sachdev-Ye-Kitaev model with quantum chaos.
69.- Beyond-line-of-sight physical-layer chaos communication based on troposcatter.
70.- Transient and Steady-State Chaos in Dissipative Quantum Systems.
71.- Edge of Many-Body Quantum Chaos in Quantum Reservoir Computing.
72.- Does the diffuse OH-stretch band in the IR spectrum of protonated oxalate exhibit quantum chaos?
73.- Chaos of Active Site Structure as a Ladder to Climbing the Apex of the 2e
74.- Sharp Lyapunov inequalities and the emergence of chaos in discrete fractional systems.
75.- Full-cycle prediction of crack healing in self-healing concrete using generalized polynomial chaos expansion.
76.- Is UK science in jeopardy? Huge funding reforms spark chaos and anxiety.
77.- Dynamics of soliton propagation: bifurcation, chaos, and quantitative insights into the modified Camassa-Holm equation.
78.- Dynamics and chaos control of q-deformed Gaussian map via superior approach.
79.- Lennard-Jones hyperelastic oscillators: Observing strange attractors, Feigenbaum cascades, and chaos.
80.- Guiding waves through chaos: Universal bounds for targeted mode transport.
81.- Machine Learning-Based Prediction Framework for Complex Neuromorphic Dynamics of Third-Order Memristive Neurons at the Edge of Chaos.
82.- Chaos-Enhanced, Optimization-Based Interpretable Classification Model and Performance Evaluation in Food Drying.
83.- A novel hybrid medical image encryption scheme based on memristive chaos and DNA-ARX-3DES with Real-Time implementation.
84.- Reverse Newhouse-Ruelle-Takens route to chaos and time-dependent Hamiltonian formulation of a generalized Muthuswamy-Chua system.
85.- Laminar chaos in systems with random and chaotically time-varying delay.
86.- Chaos and regularity in an anisotropic soft squircle billiard.
87.- Central limit behavior at the edge of chaos in the z-logistic map.
88.- All-optical chaos synchronization between nonidentical optomechanical cavities.
89.- Trump one year on: How six US researchers plan to protect science amid chaos and cuts.
90.- Uncertainty analysis in hyperthermia treatment planning for head & neck cancer using polynomial Chaos expansion.
91.- Chaos meets stochasticity: A variance-based method for Lyapunov exponent estimation.
92.- Dancing in Chaos: The Need for a Classification System for Chorea.
93.- From chaos to tranquillity: a modern approach to the identification, nomenclature and phylogeny of 
94.- Prey-taxis as a driver of spatial patterns in predator-prey systems: From spots to spirals and chaos.
95.- On the solvable-unsolvable transition due to noise-induced chaos in digital memcomputing.
96.- Associations Between Household Chaos and Appetitive Traits in Preschoolers and Preadolescents.
97.- Dysregulated proprioception in trigeminal pain: A novel perspective on oral dysesthesia, from chaos to balance.
98.- Effect of a Pragmatic eHealth Behavioral Gestational Weight Gain Intervention on Household Chaos in Pregnant People of Lower Socioeconomic Status: Randomized Controlled Trial.
99.- Independent symbol and oscillation time scales in solvable chaos.
100.- Analytical technique and diverse chaos-identifying tools for the time fractional symmetric regularized long wave equation.
101.- Controlling quantum chaos via Parrondo strategies on noisy intermediate-scale quantum hardware.
102.- Synaptic plasticity alters the nature of the chaos transition in neural networks.
103.- Chaos generation and control in optoelectromechanical systems.
104.- Multi-temporal dimension prediction of new energy electricity demand based on chaos-LSSVM neural network.
105.- Chaos of the new multiplicative logistic map.
106.- Tom Stoppard, 
107.- Chaos in nonequilibrium two-temperature (Tx, Ty) Nosé-Hoover cell models.
108.- Novel structures of chaos-based parallel multiple image encryption and FPGA implementation.
109.- "Holding Space in Chaos": Nurses' Experiences Delivering Trauma-Informed Care in Emergency Departments.
110.- Spatio-temporal evolution of cooperation: multistability, pattern formation, and chaos in resource-driven eco-evolutionary games.
111.- Thriving as a professional and parent: embracing the chaos.
112.- Rare-reversal chaos and predictability of next reversal in a simple dynamo model.
113.- From chaos to control: Nobel insights in regulatory T cells and immune tolerance.
114.- Liquid-liquid phase separation mediated order and pathological chaos: From cellular organization to precision modulating.
115.- Cranial chaos: An interactive and practical overview of cranial nerve functions.
116.- Infographic. Evolving the control-chaos continuum: shifting 'attention' to progress on-pitch rehabilitation in elite soccer.
117.- Asymmetric interactions and feast-famine cycles drive chaos in microbial populations.
118.- Soliton dynamics and stability analysis of a double-chain DNA model with various chaos detection tools.
119.- On-chip wave chaos for photonic extreme learning.
120.- [Digital, DICOM, diagnostics-unity over chaos : Data communication in digital pathology].
121.- An improved chaos control with adaptive active set approach combined in reliability-based design optimization.
122.- An image encryption scheme using PRESENT-RC4, chaos and secure key generation.
123.- Despite Trump chaos, NSF avoided feared dip in research financing.
124.- Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction Rehabilitation as a Complex Adaptive Process: From Control-Chaos to Actionable Return-to-Sport Decisions.
125.- Nonlinear Stochastic Dynamics of the Intermediate Dispersive Velocity Equation with Soliton Stability and Chaos.
126.- Tree-based learning for high-fidelity prediction of chaos.
127.- Slow Transition to Low-Dimensional Chaos in Heavy-Tailed Recurrent Neural Networks.
128.- Slow Transition to Low-Dimensional Chaos in Heavy-Tailed Recurrent Neural Networks.
129.- Landscapes of silence: designing quiet art spaces for inner peace in urban chaos.
130.- Cervical Chaos: The Unexpected Amebic Guest.
131.- Chaos at the CDC.
132.- Edge-of-chaos operation and persistent dynamics for neuromorphic meminductor computing.
133.- Temperature chaos as a logical consequence of the reentrant transition in spin glasses.
134.- Effects of overburden pressure on granular shear flows: Multiplicity and chaos.
135.- Transition to chaos with conical billiards.
136.- Weak chaos, anomalous diffusion, and weak ergodicity breaking in systems with delay.
137.- Single-site measurements as probes of many-body quantum chaos.
138.- Freezing chaos without synaptic plasticity.
139.- Disordering a permutation symmetric system: Revivals, thermalization, and chaos.
140.- Allosteric Rate Control of Chaos Governs Reaction Rate Kinetics.
141.- Unraveling proteomic chaos by independent component analysis-ClpX proficiency promotes the iron and oxygen limitation responses of 
142.- Protein Intrinsic Disorder and Adaptation to Extreme Environments: Resilience of Chaos.
143.- Time-delayed intermittent oscillations and chaos in a transcriptional and post-transcriptional gene regulatory network for long-term memory.
144.- Frequency-hopping communication with physical-layer chaos encryption.
145.- Navigating the chaos: a scoping review of gaps in disaster nursing and a roadmap for the future.
146.- Terahertz semiconductor laser chaos.
147.- President's message beyond managed chaos: advocating for guideline reform in polypharmacy oversight.
148.- Adaptive chaos compression sensing algorithm based on target detection.
149.- Single-Syringe Total Intravenous Anesthesia: A Recipe for Chaos.
150.- TDS evolution of chaos generated in dual channel mutual-injection semiconductor lasers.
151.- High-entropy and parallel quantum random number generation on the strength of chaos amplification.
152.- Colon chaos: when drugs turn against your gut.
153.- Emergent order from mixed chaos at low temperature.
154.- Chaos in the Duffing oscillator beyond the Melnikov criterion.
155.- CHB-Induced Immune Zonation Chaos Elicited LXRα-mediated Lipid Metabolism Disorders in Kupffer Cells to Induce Cancer Stem Cell Formation.
156.- Chaos theory modeling improves olecranodiaphyseal angle prediction from proximal ulnar dorsal angulation in healthy elbows.
157.- Chaos Fusion Mutation-Based Weighted Mean of Vectors Algorithm for Linear Antenna Array Optimization.
158.- Chaos-based reinforcement learning with TD3.
159.- Associations Between Household Chaos and Child Behavior and Vocabulary in an Immigrant, Ethnic-Minority Community in Sunset Park, Brooklyn: A Cross-Sectional Study.
160.- A chaos-based augmented image encryption scheme for satellite images using Fredkin logic.
161.- Trying to create order in chaos-healthcare workers' perspective of COVID-19 intensive care (a qualitative study).
162.- From Chaos to Clarity: Deriving Meaningful Biology from Big Data in Plant Pathology.
163.- Stochastic dynamics for quantum billiards: Bridging integrability, chaos, and freezing transitions.
164.- Composing α-Gauss and logistic maps: Gradual and sudden transitions to chaos.
165.- Spiral defect chaos with intermittency increases mean termination time.
166.- Dynamical study of different types of soliton solutions with bifurcation, chaos and sensitivity analysis to the non-linear coupled Schrödinger model.
167.- Chaos and confusion as U.S. shutdown drags on.
168.- Organized Chaos: Inspired by articles in this issue.
169.- Molecular Subtypes of Neuroendocrine Carcinoma: From Chaos to Consensus.
170.- Chaos controlled and disorder driven phase transitions induced by breaking permutation symmetry.
171.- Quantum chaos in non-Markovian open quantum systems: Interferometric OTOC, Loschmidt echo, and commutator operator norm.
172.- Auditory-Perceptual Validation of Acoustic Chaos Parameters in Healthy and Dysphonic Voices.
173.- The Delphi Process and Vascular Surgical Practice- Creating Clarity or Contributing to Chaos?
174.- Irrational dynamics, superpitchfork bifurcation, and equilibrium hierarchy in a mass-spring system exhibiting chaos and bursting.
175.- A novel chaos-based approach for constructing lightweight S-Boxes.
176.- Machine learning predictions from unpredictable chaos.
177.- From chaos to symbiosis: exploring adaptive co-evolution strategies for generative AI and research integrity systems.
178.- Entropy and Chaos-Based Modeling of Nonlinear Dependencies in Commodity Markets.
179.- Artificial Intelligence-Driven Neuromodulation in Neurodegenerative Disease: Precision in Chaos, Learning in Loss.
180.- Chaos and bifurcations of a discretized Holling-II prey-predator model including prey refuge and Allee effect.
181.- Parasites in the bloodstream: Unraveling hematological chaos and clinical implications.
182.- Generation of high-complexity laser chaos with asymmetric filtered feedback enabled by Fano metasurfaces.
183.- Automated Pre-Visit Test Ordering for the Complex Older Adult: From Chaos to Coordination.
184.- Over the Edge of Chaos? Excess Complexity as a Roadblock to Artificial General Intelligence.
185.- Exploration of chaos game representation and integrative deep learning approaches for whole-genome sequencing-based grapevine genetic testing.
186.- NTRU-MCF: A Chaos-Enhanced Multidimensional Lattice Signature Scheme for Post-Quantum Cryptography.
187.- Miniaturized chaos-assisted Spectrometer.
188.- Resilience amid chaos: The role of Gaza medical points.
189.- Particle model of creation and annihilation captures termination dynamics of spiral defect chaos.
190.- Remote generation of synchronized optical chaos based on physical unmatched private chaotic sources.
191.- Superdiffusion, normal diffusion, and chaos in semiclassical Bose-Hubbard chains.
192.- From Chaos to Coherence: Effects of High-Order Synaptic Correlations on Neural Dynamics.
193.- Combined Cardiac Arrhythmias Leading to Electrical Chaos Developed in the Convalescent Phase of SARS-CoV-2 Infection: A Case Report and Literature Review.
194.- Staying Calm in Chaos: Navigating On-Call Emergency Trauma Radiology as a Resident.
195.- CDC Chaos Spurs Demands for HHS Secretary Kennedy to Step Down.
196.- Chaos theory and its applications in forensic anthropology.
197.- Patterns of extreme outlier gene expression suggest an edge of chaos effect in transcriptomic networks.
198.- Out of chaos, comes tolerance: targeting the T cells driving antibody-mediated rejection.
199.- RFK Jr is grilled over vaccines and CDC chaos at fiery US Senate hearing.
200.- Chaos aided regime of laser/electromagnetic energy absorption by plasma.
201.- Route to chaos in multi-species ecosystems.
202.- The Chaos of Juvenile Aesthetic and Plastic Surgery Urgently Needs to Be Rectified.
203.- Homotopy reservoir computing: Harnessing chaos for computation.
204.- LWLCM: A novel lightweight stream cipher using logistic chaos function and multiplexer for IoT communications.
205.- Mathematical Modeling of Aβ-42 Dimerization Dynamics: Integrating Physics-Based Simulations, Graph-Based Variational Autoencoder-Driven Neural Relational Inference, and Chaos Theory.
206.- Period-doubling cascade to chaos and optimal quadratic harvesting in a prey-predator-scavenger model using Crowley-Martin functional response.
207.- Chaos-Based Color Image Encryption with JPEG Compression: Balancing Security and Compression Efficiency.
208.- Bohmian Chaos and Entanglement in a Two-Qubit System.
209.- Image Privacy Protection Communication Scheme by Fibonacci Interleaved Diffusion and Non-Degenerate Discrete Chaos.
210.- Exploring the role of chaos in model recollision processes.
211.- Uncertainty quantification via polynomial chaos expansion of myocardial fibre orientation and cardiac activation patterns.
212.- From Chaos to Clarity: Reassessing Interstitial Lung Disease Terminology.
213.- Embracing chaos: the unpredictability of animated logos shapes users' sustained attention.
214.- Lullaby in the chaos.
215.- Complex travelling wave solutions of fractional nonlinear coupled malaria model: bifurcation, chaos, and multistability.
216.- Control of spatiotemporal chaos by stochastic resetting.
217.- Nonreciprocal amplification toward chaos in a chain of Duffing oscillators.
218.- Atypical R-loops in cancer: decoding molecular chaos for therapeutic gain.
219.- Photonic neural networks at the edge of spatiotemporal chaos in multimode fibers.
220.- Chaos key update using constellation selection and clustering for data centers.
221.- Generation of wideband chaos with time-delay signature suppression by asymmetric dual-path optical injection.
222.- Wideband chaos generation using VCSELs with intensity-modulated chaotic optical injection.
223.- Routes to broadband laser chaos with dynamics switching in a 1550-nm VCSEL laser subjected to optical feedback.
224.- Approach to optical encryption: merging ghost imaging with chaos theory.
225.- Mid-infrared laser chaos lidar.
226.- Tailoring chaos characteristics by cascaded optically injected semiconductor lasers.
227.- Sparse polynomial chaos algorithm with a variance-adaptive design domain for the uncertainty quantification and optimization of grating structures.
228.- Index modulation-aided ACO-OFDM differential chaos shift keying system for optical wireless communications.
229.- Experimental implementation of chaos-based video encryption using visible light communication technology.
230.- Performance analysis of a differential chaos-based hybrid FSO/RF satellite-terrestrial uplink.
231.- Predictors of household chaos in Syrian refugee families resettled in Turkish communities.
232.- The interaction among household chaos, parental rejection, and parental control in predicting adolescent executive function.
233.- From molecular chaos to precision medicine in the treatment of cardiac hypertrophy: A rational use of natural products by integrating artificial intelligence and multi-omics data.
234.- Precision medicine and the chaos theory in rheumatoid arthritis.
235.- Integrability versus chaos in the steady state of many-body open quantum systems.
236.- Quantum phase transition and chaos of anomalous Dicke model in the thermodynamic limit.
237.- Prediction and symbolification of optical chaos based on Kolmogorov-Arnold network.
238.- Chaos control and sensitivity analysis of climate change under green gases and carbon omission utilizing caputo fractional operator.
239.- Taming the chaos gently: a predictive alignment learning rule in recurrent neural networks.
240.- Two coherent definitions of the life process derived from the half-chaos theory and the (unintentional) purposeful information theory.
241.- Stability and chaos analysis of neurological disorder of complex network with fractional order comparative study.
242.- 'Controlled chaos': how to create an environment that fosters genius.
243.- Securing face images in UAV networks using chaos and DNA cryptography approach.
244.- Synchronization and dynamics of modified fractional order Kawasaki disease model with chaos stability control.
245.- Practicing Clinical Telesupervision During COVID-19: Chaos Into Competency.
246.- Dynamics of computational waveform: A study of bifurcation, chaos, and sensitivity analysis.
247.- Political Chaos in the World of Vaccines Must Be Stopped: Vaccines Save Lives!
248.- Role of predator and time delay on an eco-epidemic spatial model: an appearance of chaos and complexity.
249.- Solitary waves, bifurcation, chaos, sensitivity, and multistability of electrical transmission line model.
250.- Exploration of bifurcation, chaos and novel optical dromions solution of the fractional nonlinear dynamical model.
251.- Chaos to clarity: interpreting time series complexity metrics with an application to depression.
252.- A Short Reference Differential Chaos Shift Keying Cooperative Communication System Based on Modified Code Index Modulation.
253.- Securing digital images: A chaos-driven scrambling algorithm using the Rössler system.
254.- Analyzing the double-chain deoxyribonucleic acid model: bifurcation, chaos, and sensitivity insights through advanced analytical techniques.
255.- Integrator: A guardian against RNA-induced chaos.
256.- Localization transitions in quadratic systems without quantum chaos.
257.- Nonmonotonic emergence of order from chaos in turbulent thermoacoustic fluid systems.
258.- Dissipative chaos and steady state of an open Tavis-Cummings dimer.
259.- Quantum-classical correspondence between quantum chaos and finite-time classical dynamics.
260.- Mutual information for a particle pair and its application to diagnose chaos in curved spacetime.
261.- Elasticity of fibers prefers the chaos of turbulence.
262.- Why air-traffic controller shortages are not to blame for US airport chaos.
263.- Reciprocal Relationships Among Household Chaos, Parenting Stress, and Children's Behavioral Self-Regulation From Early to Middle Childhood.
264.- On chaos with additional zero Lyapunov exponents and related effects. Overview and illustrations.
265.- Magnetohydrodynamical thermoresistive instability and the Claws of chaos.
266.- Optical solitons, bifurcation, and chaos in the nonlinear conformable Schrödinger equation with group velocity dispersion coefficients and second-order spatiotemporal terms.
267.- Heterogeneity, reinforcement learning, and chaos in population games.
268.- Assisted Suicide in Italy: There Is Great Chaos Under Heaven.
269.- Chaotic index modulation and subcarrier intra-block-inter-block shuffling for secure CO-OFDM-PON based on a hybrid 4D chaos.
270.- Chaos-driven seven-core optical transmission scheme based on DNA full information chained analog-transcription.
271.- A day in the clinic: serving amidst chaos during the Gaza War.
272.- Positional frequency chaos game representation for machine learning-based classification of crop lncRNAs.
273.- Household chaos and preschool migrant children's self-regulation: the mediating role of parent-child conflict and the moderating role of mindful parenting.
274.- Where octagonal geometry meets chaos: A new S-Box for advanced cryptographic systems.
275.- MYC: The Guardian of Its Own Chaos.
276.- Chaos, dynamic trapping, and transport of swimming microbes in a vortex chain flow.
277.- Complexity analysis with chaos control: A discretized ratio-dependent Holling-Tanner predator-prey model with Fear effect in prey population.
278.- Chaos synchronization using adaptive dual barrier function-based nonsingular control with application to ECG signal encryption.
279.- "Silent messengers of chaos: unveiling the dual threat of immune infiltrates in Japanese encephalitis virus neuroinflammatory storm".
280.- Dissecting Quantum Many-Body Chaos in the Krylov Space.
281.- Irregular narrow QRS tachycardia: Chaos is order yet undeciphered.
282.- Nonlinear Hysteresis Parameter Identification of Piezoelectric Actuators Using an Improved Gray Wolf Optimizer with Logistic Chaos Initialization and a Levy Flight Variant.
283.- Trust During Misinformation and Chaos: The Role of Medical Education Journals.
284.- Relativistically magnetized collisionless shocks in pair plasma: Solitons, chaos, and thermalization.
285.- Optimal Conversion from Classical to Quantum Randomness via Quantum Chaos.
286.- Computer-aided analysis of high-dimensional Glass networks: Periodicity, chaos, and bifurcations in a ring circuit.
287.- Protected Chaos in a Topological Lattice.
288.- Exclusive: NIH grant rejections have more than doubled amid Trump chaos.
289.- Optimization of stope dimensions using response surface method coupling a hybrid chaos-genetic algorithm.
290.- The butterfly effect in neural networks: Unveiling hyperbolic chaos through parameter sensitivity.
291.- Hamiltonian chaos for one particle with two waves: Self-consistent dynamics.
292.- CALM amid chaos: the art of being a team leader: A toolkit to cultivate strong emergency management skills.
293.- Cortical stability and chaos during focal seizures: insights from inference-based modeling.
294.- Bifurcation analysis and chaos control in a Hassell-Varley model with the Ricker growth.
295.- One Step Ahead of the Canadian Immigration System: Bureaucratic Chaos and the Development of Migrant Experts Online.
296.- Robust Chaos in a Totally Symmetric Network of Four Phase Oscillators.
297.- Evolution into chaos - Implications of the trade-off between transmissibility and immune evasion.
298.- Emergent cardiac surgery, andexanet alfa-induced heparin resistance, and prothrombotic effects: coagulation chaos?
299.- Chaos to Flow: Categorization, Nomenclature to Problem Mapping: Unified Interdisciplinary Language in Craniosynostoses.
300.- Publisher Correction: Chaos-enhanced manganese electrolysis: nodule suppression and improved efficiency using controllable chaotic electrical signals.
301.- Ergodic Manipulation of Genome Chaos: Innovative Strategies against Malignant Progression.
302.- Field-Programmable Gate Array-Based Chaos Oscillator Implementation for Analog-Discrete and Discrete-Analog Chaotic Synchronization Applications.
303.- How to seed ergodic dynamics of interacting bosons under conditions of many-body quantum chaos.
304.- Erratum: Polynomial chaos expansion of SAR and temperature increase variability in 3 T MRI due to stochastic input data (2024
305.- Sensorless anti-control and synchronization of chaos of brushless DC motor driver.
306.- Cortisol Reactivity as a Moderator in the Relationship Between Home Chaos and Conduct Problems: Gender-Specific Evidence from Chinese Preschoolers.
307.- Stability analysis, [Formula: see text] model expansion method, and diverse chaos-detecting tools for the DSKP model.
308.- Ferroptosis in immune chaos: Unraveling its impact on disease and therapeutic potential.
309.- Digital metrology in laboratory medicine: a call for bringing order to chaos to facilitate precision diagnostics.
310.- TDM/WDM hybrid real-time multi-channel pulsed chaos lidar system.
311.- Phytochemicals as Chemical Promoters of the Adaptive Chaos in Health Recovery. A Modelling Investigation.
312.- Pattern synthesis of linear array antennas based on Chaos Triangular Pelican Optimization Algorithm.
313.- Self-Trapping Phenomenon, Multistability and Chaos in Open Anisotropic Dicke Dimer.
314.- Bifurcation, chaos, modulation instability, and soliton analysis of the schrödinger equation with cubic nonlinearity.
315.- Trump's 10 000 job cuts spark chaos in US health services.
316.- Chaordic homeodynamics: The periodic chaos phenomenon observed at the sarcomere level and its physiological significance.
317.- Machine learning predictions from unpredictable chaos.
318.- Design Particularities of Quadrature Chaos Shift Keying Communication System with Enhanced Noise Immunity for IoT Applications.
319.- Order out of Chaos.
320.- Heading: When change creates chaos - A dilemma with brand versus generic antiseizure medications
321.- Chaos in a class of piecewise nonlinear systems with homoclinic cycles.
322.- Calm in the chaos: Targeting mTOR to reduce glioma-driven neuronal hyperexcitability.
323.- Exploration of soliton solutions and chaos analysis in thin-film ferroelectric materials.
324.- Unraveling Chaos: Weaving Ethical Decision-Making Within a Knotted-Up Healthcare Landscape.
325.- Chaos analyses of visco-hyperelastic cylindrical shells based on improved Melnikov method.
326.- Wideband chaos generation based on an integrated mutual coupling laser.
327.- Chromatin chaos: Unravelling acute neurodevelopmental regression in the context of infection.
328.- Heart rate variability in patients with atrial fibrillation of sinus rhythm or atrial fibrillation: chaos or merit?
329.- Spatio-temporal pattern formation of living organisms at the edge of chaos.
330.- A comparison of Gaussian processes and polynomial chaos emulators in the context of haemodynamic pulse-wave propagation modelling.
331.- Minimalism or Creative Chaos? On the Arrangement and Analysis of Numerous Scatterplots in Immersive 3D Knowledge Spaces.
332.- Exploiting Polynomial Chaos Expansion for Rapid Assessment of the Impact of Tissue Property Uncertainties in Low-Intensity Focused Ultrasound Stimulation.
333.- Epstein-Barr virus and immune chaos: the link between reactivation and Toll-like receptor dysregulation in immunodeficiency.
334.- Incorporating red blanket protocol within code crimson: Streamlining definitive trauma care amid the chaos.
335.- A Novel Neural Dynamics Controller for Weakening the Chaos of Permanent Magnet Synchronous Generator and Its Extended Application.
336.- Widespread neuronal chaos induced by slow oscillating currents.
337.- The culture of healthy living - Exploring the chaos that drives health behaviors.
338.- Chaos-MLP: Chaotic Transform MLP-Like Architecture for Medical Images Multi-Label Recognition Task.
339.- Secure and flexible image watermarking using IWT, SVD, and chaos models for robustness and imperceptibility.
340.- Secure space division multiplexing system based on multi-channel chaos random encryption with synchronized Fabry-Perot lasers.
341.- More harm and chaos within the US federal research system.
342.- U.S. early-career scientists struggle amid chaos.
343.- The Nonlinear Dynamics and Chaos Control of Pricing Games in Group Robot Systems.
344.- Chaos Caused by Different Cutoff Dates: Relative Age Effects and Redshirting in Collegiate Volleyball in the United States.
345.- Evolving the Control-Chaos Continuum: Part 2-Shifting "Attention" to Progress On-Pitch Rehabilitation.
346.- Many-Body Adiabatic Passage: Instability, Chaos, and Quantum Classical Correspondence.
347.- Quantum chaos, integrability, and late times in the Krylov basis.
348.- Haiti-A Story of Hope and Chaos.
349.- Evaluation of Intrinsic Fetal Airway Obstruction (CHAOS): Correlations Between Ultrasound, Fetoscopic, and Pathological Findings.
350.- Unveiling chaos and stability in advection diffusion reaction systems via advanced dynamical and sensitivity analysis.
351.- Lorenz Model for Chaos in Electrokinetic Instability.
352.- Creating Refined Datasets for Better Chaos Detection.
353.- Order among chaos: High throughput MYCroplanters can distinguish interacting drivers of host infection in a highly stochastic system.
354.- Simulating Chaos: Empowering Nursing Students Through a Disaster Response Drill.
355.- American chaos: standing up for health and medicine.
356.- Scientists globally are racing to save vital health databases taken down amid Trump chaos.
357.- Generalization of the Gauss map: A jump into chaos with universal features.
358.- Rare-reversal chaos in two-disk dynamo models.
359.- Nonlinear dynamics and chaos in dissipative optical trimers with complex couplings.
360.- 'It is chaos': US funding freezes are endangering global health.
361.- Trump orders cause chaos at science agencies.
362.- Trump's foreign aid freeze throws relief services into chaos worldwide.
363.- From chimeras to extensive chaos in networks of heterogeneous Kuramoto oscillator populations.
364.- Kauzmann Paradox, Supercooling, and Finding Order in Chaos.
365.- Chaos from a free-running broad-area VCSEL.
366.- Daily briefing: Chaos erupts in US science as Trump's team declares freeze on federal grants.
367.- Negotiating the space and time conundrum in human zygotes: chaos theory in action.
368.- Chaos erupts in US science as Trump's team declares freeze on federal grants.
369.- Latest revisions to the International Health Regulations will fail to prevent future travel chaos.
370.- Observation of Optical Chaotic Solitons and Modulated Subharmonic Route to Chaos in Mode-Locked Laser.
371.- High-speed secure stream cipher using synchronized chaos and the RC4 algorithm for optical communications.
372.- Evolving the Control-Chaos Continuum: Part 1 - Translating Knowledge to Enhance On-Pitch Rehabilitation.
373.- Order in Chaos: Lesser-Conserved and Repeat Structures in Dehydrins.
374.- Author's reply to comment "When changes creates chaos".
375.- Fecal microbiota transplantation: transitioning from chaos and controversial realm to scientific precision era.
376.- A sector fast encryption algorithm for color images based on one-dimensional composite sinusoidal chaos map.
377.- Cryptanalysis of an Image Encryption Algorithm Using DNA Coding and Chaos.
378.- A family of coexisting multi-scroll chaos and its selected control in coupled non-oscillatory neurons: A case study.
379.- A quasi-opposition learning and chaos local search based on walrus optimization for global optimization problems.
380.- Response to: The Chaos in China's Aesthetic and Plastic Surgery Industry Urgently Needs to be Addressed.
381.- Erratum: "Chaotic dynamics of graphene and graphene nanoribbons" [Chaos 30, 063150 (2020)].
382.- External low energy electromagnetic fields affect heart dynamics: surrogate for system synchronization, chaos control and cancer patient's health.
383.- From chaos to order: optimizing fecal microbiota transplantation for enhanced immune checkpoint inhibitors efficacy.
384.- Transient chaos and periodic structures in a model of neuronal early afterdepolarization.
385.- Oriented catalysis through chaos: high-entropy spinels in heterogeneous reactions.
386.- Experimental demonstration of 8190-km long-haul semiconductor-laser chaos synchronization induced by digital optical communication signal.
387.- Bringing order to chaos. Invasive functional assessment for all patients in the cath lab?
388.- A Chaos Synchronization Diagnostic: Difference Time Series Peak Complexity (DTSPC).
389.- CFPLncLoc: A multi-label lncRNA subcellular localization prediction based on Chaos game representation and centralized feature pyramid.
390.- Robust stochastic optimisation strategies for locoregional hyperthermia treatment planning using polynomial chaos expansion.
391.- Answer: Rhythmic chaos amidst brain death.
392.- Chaos-enhanced manganese electrolysis: nodule suppression and improved efficiency using controllable chaotic electrical signals.
393.- About the ozone ability in using adaptive chaos to restore a healthy state in the oxygen-ozone adjunct therapy.
394.- Quantifying learning algorithm uncertainties in autonomous driving systems: Enhancing safety through Polynomial Chaos Expansion and High Definition maps.
395.- The assessment of oxidative stress in human semen: chaos and confusion in pursuit of diagnostic precision.
396.- Vibrational resonance and chaos control in the canonical Chua's circuit with a smooth nonlinear resistor.
397.- Question: Rhythmic chaos amidst brain death.
398.- Changing the culture of chaos.
399.- The Chaos in China's Aesthetic and Plastic Surgery Industry Urgently Needs to be Addressed.
400.- Finding order in chaos: influences of environmental complexity and predictability on development.
401.- CGRclust: Chaos Game Representation for twin contrastive clustering of unlabelled DNA sequences.
402.- Asymmetric limit cycles within Lorenz chaos induce anomalous mobility for a memory-driven active particle.
403.- Analyzing and Controlling chaos phenomena in fractional chaotic supply chain models.
404.- Chaos analysis of nonlinear variable order fractional hyperchaotic Chen system utilizing radial basis function neural network.
405.- From Chaos to Integrability in Double Scaled Sachdev-Ye-Kitaev Model via a Chord Path Integral.
406.- Parallel generation of multi-channel broadband chaos by a long-cavity FP laser with optical feedback.
407.- Chaos in Stochastic 2d Galerkin-Navier-Stokes.
408.- Mapping chaos: Bifurcation patterns and shrimp structures in the Ikeda map.
409.- A robust chaos-inspired artificial intelligence model for dealing with nonlinear dynamics in wind speed forecasting.
410.- Chaotification and chaos control of q-homographic map.
411.- Transition of synchronization state during the quasiperiodic route to chaos in coupled friction-induced continuous oscillators.
412.- Discerning order from chaos: characterising the surface structure of liquid gallium.
413.- DYNAMICS OF AN LPAA MODEL FOR 
414.- Metabolic Chaos in Kidney Disease: Unraveling Energy Dysregulation.
415.- Exploring chaos and sensitivity in the Ivancevic option pricing model through perturbation analysis.
416.- Annals Graphic Medicine - Chaos of Care: A Caretaker's Narrative.
417.- Feeding Practices Used by Australian Parents of Young Children Living With Food Insecurity and Household Chaos.
418.- Controlled chaos: Examining collaborative response to the 2017 Hattiesburg Tornado.
419.- Prediction of optical chaos using a multi-stage extreme learning machine with data uncertainty.
420.- Household chaos, emotion regulation and social adjustment in preschool children.
421.- Influence of conduction heterogeneities on transient spatiotemporal chaos in cardiac excitable media.
422.- Parenting relationships as a moderator of how socioeconomic status and household chaos relate to children's cognitive and socioemotional skills.
423.- Enhancing secure transmission of ultra-high order QAM via delta-sigma modulation integrated with radial basis function neural network enhanced chaos.
424.- Entropy analysis on chaos excited through destabilization of semiconductor lasers at period-one nonlinear dynamics for physical random number generation.
425.- Physical layer security--enhanced optical communication based on chaos masking and chaotic hardware encryption.
426.- From breather soliton molecules to chaos in a laser cavity: the scenario of intermittent transitions.
427.- From Chaos to Clarity? The Quest for Effective Probiotics in Antibiotic-Associated Diarrhea.
428.- The next massive volcano eruption will cause climate chaos - and we are unprepared.
429.- Robustness of quantum chaos and anomalous relaxation in open quantum circuits.
430.- Solvable Models of Many-Body Chaos from Dual-Koopman Circuits.
431.- Author Correction: Avalanches and edge-of-chaos learning in neuromorphic nanowire networks.
432.- Perspectives on Ergodic Cancer Therapy Derived from Cloning Genome Chaos 
433.- From chaos to clarity: how COVID-19 exposed the urgent need for better evidence synthesis.
434.- Simulating quantum chaos on a quantum computer.
435.- Templex-based dynamical units for a taxonomy of chaos.
436.- Mixed-mode oscillations and chaos in a complex chemical reaction network involving heterogeneous catalysis.
437.- Out of chaos: Past transformed presents future options.
438.- Correction: Analyzing chaos and superposition of lump waves with other waves in the time-fractional coupled nonlinear Schördinger equation.
439.- Erratum: Many-Body Interference at the Onset of Chaos [Phys. Rev. Lett. 130, 080401 (2023)].
440.- Supertransient Chaos in a Single and Coupled Liénard Systems.
441.- Butterflies and bifurcations in surface radio-frequency traps: The diversity of routes to chaos.
442.- The topological characteristics of the bifurcation and chaos in the motion of combustion fronts in solids.
443.- Influence of parental structure and chaos on homework anxiety in elementary school students: the mediating role of homework motivation.
444.- Use of 3D chaos game representation to quantify DNA sequence similarity with applications for hierarchical clustering.
445.- Spread complexity and quantum chaos for periodically driven spin chains.
446.- Cancer, Consents, and Chaos: Navigating Health Literacy at the Time of a New Oncology Diagnosis.
447.- Rigorously proven chaos in chemical kinetics.
448.- Organizing the Chaos: Novel Insights into the Regulation of Z-3-Hexenal Production in Damaged Maize Leaves.
449.- Converting chaos into order: aerial archaeology takes flight in the 1920s.
450.- Experimental demonstration on the proactive detection of fiber tapping in optical chaos communication.
451.- Grain storage temperature prediction based on chaos and enhanced RBF neural network.
452.- From Chaos to Rationality: A Contingent Meta-Model for Evidence-Informed Health Policymaking in Diverse Contexts.
453.- Shrimp-shaped structure and period-bubbling route to chaos in a one-dimensional economic model.
454.- Exploring the role of diffusive coupling in spatiotemporal chaos.
455.- Chaos analysis and traveling wave solutions for fractional (3+1)-dimensional Wazwaz Kaur Boussinesq equation with beta derivative.
456.- Rydberg excitons in cuprous oxide: A two-particle system with classical chaos.
457.- Immunometabolic chaos in septic shock.
458.- E Pluribus, Unum: Emergent Redox Harmony from the Chaos of Blood Cells.
459.- Chaos in Optomechanical Systems Coupled to a Non-Markovian Environment.
460.- Navigating chaos: IGAD's efforts Amidst Somalia's Governance crisis.
461.- Increasing the explainability and success in classification: many-objective classification rule mining based on chaos integrated SPEA2.
462.- Small field chaos in spin glasses: Universal predictions from the ultrametric tree and comparison with numerical simulations.
463.- Erratum to selecting embedding delays: An overview of embedding techniques and a new method using persistent homology [Chaos: Interdiscip. J. Nonlin. Sci. 33(3), 24 (2023)].
464.- Self-organization of anti-aligning active particles: Waving pattern formation and chaos.
465.- Tiling Chaos: In high-dimensional space, orderly tiles descend into nonrepeating mayhem.
466.- Control, bi-stability, and preference for chaos in time-dependent vaccination campaign.
467.- Image encryption hiding algorithm based on digital time-varying delay chaos model and compression sensing technique.
468.- Improved Mathematical Models of Parkinson's Disease with Hopf Bifurcation and Huntington's Disease with Chaos.
469.- Exploring chaos and ergodic behavior of an inductorless circuit driven by stochastic parameters.
470.- "The chaos of not knowing": Embodied experiences of waiting for public housing redevelopment and relocation.
471.- Relations between adolescent perceptions of household chaos and externalizing and internalizing behaviors in low- and middle-income families.
472.- Furstenberg Family and Chaos for Time-Varying Discrete Dynamical Systems.
473.- Analyzing chaos and superposition of lump waves with other waves in the time-fractional coupled nonlinear schördinger equation.
474.- Analyzing and identifying predictable time range for stress prediction based on chaos theory and deep learning.
475.- High-level and -yield orotic acid production in Escherichia coli through systematic modular engineering and "Chaos to Order Cycles" fermentation.
476.- From resonance to chaos by modulating spatiotemporal patterns through a synthetic optogenetic oscillator.
477.- Living with glioblastoma - the need for integrated support based on experiences of chaos, loss of autonomy, and isolation in both patients and their relatives.
478.- Chaos-Assisted Production of Micro-Architected Spheres (CAPAS).
479.- Discontinuous transition to chaos in a canonical random neural network.
480.- Resonancelike emergence of chaos in complex networks of damped-driven nonlinear systems.
481.- From Chronic Cannabis to Cyclic Chaos: A Glimpse Into Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome.
482.- Route to chaos and resonant triads interaction in a truncated rotating nonlinear shallow-water model.
483.- Stability, bifurcation, and chaos in a class of scalar quartic polynomial delay systems.
484.- CAPE: a deep learning framework with Chaos-Attention net for Promoter Evolution.
485.- Mechanism of quantum chaos in molecular nonadiabatic electron dynamics.
486.- Coagulation Chaos: uncovering the incidence and outcomes of early hypocoagulability in traumatic brain injury patients.
487.- Improving decryption quality of optical chaos communication using neural networks.
488.- From Seed to Spread: Lacrimal Sac Squamous Cell Carcinoma Blossoming Into Orbital Chaos.
489.- From chaos to kaleidoscope: Exploring factors in psychedelic self-treatment for mental health conditions.
490.- Parent-Child Relationships: A Shield Against Maternal Depression in the Midst of Household Chaos.
491.- Review of chaos in hair-cell dynamics.
492.- From chaos to clarity: The scientometric breakthrough in COVID-19 research.
493.- Bifurcation, chaos, and stability analysis to the second fractional WBBM model.
494.- Chaos control in cardiac dynamics: terminating chaotic states with local minima pacing.
495.- Emergence of order from chaos through a continuous phase transition in a turbulent reactive flow system.
496.- Quantum diffusion induced by small quantum chaos.
497.- Erratum: "Bifurcations in adaptive vascular networks: Towards model calibration" [Chaos 33, 093135 (2023)].
498.- Adaptation and validation for use in Brazil of the Confusion, Hubbub, and Order Scale (CHAOS).
499.- Exploring chaos and bifurcation in a discrete prey-predator based on coupled logistic map.
500.- Reply to Kuo-Chin Hung and Chia-Ter Chao's Letter to the Editor re: Jennifer Kranz, Riccardo Bartoletti, Franck Bruyère, et al. European Association of Urology Guidelines on Urological Infections: Summary of the 2024 Guidelines. Eur Urol. 2024;86:27-41.
501.- From Chaos Comes Order: Genetics and Genome Biology of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi.
502.- "Covering provider": an effort to streamline clinical communication chaos.
503.- A visual security multi-key selection image encryption algorithm based on a new four-dimensional chaos and compressed sensing.
504.- Household chaos and childhood obesity-related health outcomes.
505.- Investigating pseudo parabolic dynamics through phase portraits, sensitivity, chaos and soliton behavior.
506.- Erratum: "Dynamic stability of electric power grids: Tracking the interplay of the network structure, transmission losses, and voltage dynamics" [Chaos 32, 053117 (2022)].
507.- Non-intrusive reduced-order model for time-dependent stochastic partial differential equations utilizing dynamic mode decomposition and polynomial chaos expansion.
508.- CapsEnhancer: An Effective Computational Framework for Identifying Enhancers Based on Chaos Game Representation and Capsule Network.
509.- Publisher's Note: "Modeling a neurological disorder as the result of an operator acting on the brain: A first sketch based on network channel modeling" [Chaos 34, 053133 (2024)].
510.- Recurrent chaotic clustering and slow chaos in adaptive networks.
511.- Chaos and extinction risks of sexually reproductive generalist top predator in a seasonally forced food chain system with Allee effect.
512.- Chaos-Assisted Dynamical Tunneling in Flat Band Superwires.
513.- INF2 formin variants linked to human inherited kidney disease reprogram the transcriptome, causing mitotic chaos and cell death.
514.- Characterizing Chemotherapy/Radiotherapy-Induced Genome Chaos in Hodgkin's Lymphoma Patients Using M-FISH.
515.- REPLACING THE CHAOS.
516.- The Fourth Trimester: Embracing the Chaos of the Postpartum Period.
517.- Chaos and quantization of the three-particle generic Fermi-Pasta-Ulam-Tsingou model. II. Phenomenology of quantum eigenstates.
518.- Integrability-to-chaos transition through the Krylov approach for state evolution.
519.- Chaos and quantization of the three-particle generic Fermi-Pasta-Ulam-Tsingou model. I. Density of states and spectral statistics.
520.- Effective recognition design in 8-ball billiards vision systems for training purposes based on Xception network modified by improved Chaos African Vulture Optimizer.
521.- Controlling Chaos: Periodic Defect Braiding in Active Nematics Confined to a Cardioid.
522.- Statistics of Local Level Spacings in Single- and Many-Body Quantum Chaos.
523.- Enhancing secure transmission and key distribution for ultrahigh-order QAM via delta-sigma modulation and discrete memristive-enhanced chaos.
524.- BLSTM convolution and self-attention network enabled recursive and direct prediction for optical chaos.
525.- Chaos key enhanced physical layer secure transmission method based on the convolutional long short-term memory neural network.
526.- Multi-channel broadband optical chaos generation assisted by phase modulation and CFBG feedback.
527.- Hybrid integrated optical chaos circuits with optoelectronic feedback.
528.- Fractal contours: Order, chaos, and art.
529.- Leading Through Chaos and Complexity.
530.- Bifurcation and onset of chaos in an eco-epidemiological system with the influence of time delay.
531.- Taming the chaos ?! - part 2: limitations of using eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) to tackle the complexity in psychotherapy of children and adolescents.
532.- Criticality and chaos in auditory and vestibular sensing.
533.- Corrigendum to "Order wrapped in chaos: On the roles of intrinsically disordered proteins and RNAs in the arrangement of the mitochondrial enzymatic machines" [International Journal of Biomacromolecules, 267(2024), 131,455].
534.- Chaos and bifurcations of a two-dimensional hepatitis C virus model with hepatocyte homeostasis.
535.- Global sensitivity analysis with multifidelity Monte Carlo and polynomial chaos expansion for vascular haemodynamics.
536.- Balanced chaos: a 55-year journey with unrepaired D-transposition of great arteries, ventricular septal defect, and subvalvular and valvular pulmonary stenosis.
537.- From Control to Chaos: Visual-Cognitive Progression During Recovery from ACL Reconstruction.
538.- Broadband chaos of an interband cascade laser with a 6-GHz bandwidth.
539.- Prioritizing cervical cancer candidate genes using chaos game and fractal-based time series approach.
540.- Observation of sarcomere chaos induced by changes in calcium concentration in cardiomyocytes.
541.- Transition to chaos separates learning regimes and relates to measure of consciousness in recurrent neural networks.
542.- Polynomial chaos expansion of SAR and temperature increase variability in 3 T MRI due to stochastic input data.
543.- Annihilation dynamics during spiral defect chaos revealed by particle models.
544.- Chaos Synchronization of Integrated Five-Section Semiconductor Lasers.
545.- Sensorless Speed Estimation of Induction Motors through Signal Analysis Based on Chaos Using Density of Maxima.
546.- The Wisdom of Shadows: Chaos, Disintegration, and Psychic Growth in 
547.- Analysing the performance of a health innovation ecosystem in the COVID-19 crisis: complexity and chaos theory perspective.
548.- Uncertainty quantification of time-average quantities of chaotic systems using sensitivity-enhanced polynomial chaos expansion.
549.- Order, chaos, and dimensionality transition in a system of swarmalators.
550.- Kosambi-Cartan-Chern perspective on chaos: Unveiling hidden attractors in nonlinear autonomous systems.
551.- Haiti's health researchers persevere amid chaos.
552.- Optical chaos synchronization in a cascaded injection experiment.
553.- Novel techniques to analyze dynamical properties of quantum chaos with peculiar evidence of hybrid systems confinement.
554.- Collaboration in the midst of chaos: perspectives of inpatient occupational and physical therapists during the COVID-19 pandemic.
555.- Erratum: "Reservoir computing with random and optimized time-shifts" [Chaos 31(12), 121103 (2021)].
556.- Order within chaos: potential migratory strategies and individual associations in fin whales feeding off Iceland.
557.- Enhancing the trustworthiness of chaos and synchronization of chaotic satellite model: a practice of discrete fractional-order approaches.
558.- Controlling chaos using edge computing hardware.
559.- Adolescents' Perceptions of Household Chaos Predict Their Adult Mental Health: A Twin-Difference Longitudinal Cohort Study.
560.- Household chaos and child problem behaviors: A cross-cultural examination of the mediating and moderating role of mindful parenting.
561.- Physiological and chaos effect on dynamics of neurological disorder with memory effect of fractional operator: A mathematical study.
562.- Langerhans cell histiocytosis: NACHO update on progress, chaos, and opportunity on the path to rational cures.
563.- Distinction of Chaos from Randomness Is Not Possible from the Degree Distribution of the Visibility and Phase Space Reconstruction Graphs.
564.- Chaos in Opinion-Driven Disease Dynamics.
565.- Between equilibrium and chaos, with little restitution: a narrative analysis of qualitative interviews with clinicians and parent carers of children with medical complexity.
566.- Order From Chaos: The Benefits of Standardized Nomenclature in Radiation Oncology.
567.- Signatures of quantum chaos and fermionization in the incoherent transport of bosonic carriers in the Bose-Hubbard chain.
568.- Chaos and localized phases in a two-body linear kicked rotor system.
569.- Many-body quantum chaos in mixtures of multiple species.
570.- Chaos and anomalous transport in a semiclassical Bose-Hubbard chain.
571.- Transient chaos and memory effect in the Rosenzweig-MacArthur system with dynamics of consumption rates.
572.- Chaos and COSMOS-Considerations on QSM methods with multiple and single orientations and effects from local anisotropy.
573.- Calcium Chaos in Sarcoidosis: A Tale of Severe Hypercalcemia's Diagnostic Challenge.
574.- A two-phase spatiotemporal chaos-based protocol for data integrity in IoT.
575.- Erratum: "Fractional Brownian motion with random Hurst exponent: Accelerating diffusion and persistence transitions" [Chaos 32, 093114 (2022)].
576.- "Navigating chaos": Urban, Rural, and Remote Patient Experiences in Accessing Healthcare with Indigenous and Non-Indigenous Perspectives of Living with Chronic Low Back Pain.
577.- Order wrapped in chaos: On the roles of intrinsically disordered proteins and RNAs in the arrangement of the mitochondrial enzymatic machines.
578.- The butterfly effect in oral and maxillofacial surgery: Understanding and applying chaos theory and complex systems principles.
579.- Large scoping reviews: managing volume and potential chaos in a pool of evidence sources.
580.- Phase Transition to Chaos in Complex Ecosystems with Nonreciprocal Species-Resource Interactions.
581.- CGRWDL: alignment-free phylogeny reconstruction method for viruses based on chaos game representation weighted by dynamical language model.
582.- 3D parallel pulsed chaos LiDAR system.
583.- Broadband chaos generation in a distributed-feedback laser by selecting residual side modes.
584.- Analysis of chaos and capsizing of a class of nonlinear ship rolling systems under excitation of random waves.
585.- Unveiling the Chaos in Postural Control in Adults with Achondroplasia.
586.- Planet-eating stars hint at hidden chaos in the Milky Way.
587.- Monitoring chaos at the cot-side.
588.- Endovascular Treatment as an Alternative to Bypass Surgery for Juxtarenal Aortic Occlusion: Results from the CHAOS (CHronic Abdominal Aortic Occlusion, ASian Multicenter) Registry.
589.- Models of Cell Processes are Far from the Edge of Chaos.
590.- A von-Neumann-like photonic processor and its application in studying quantum signature of chaos.
591.- Fractals and Chaos in the Hemodynamics of Intracranial Aneurysms.
592.- Dynamic feedback bit-level image privacy protection based on chaos and information hiding.
593.- Chaos theory in the understanding of COVID-19 pandemic dynamics.
594.- Proving chaos for a system of coupled logistic maps: A topological approach.
595.- Bifurcations and chaos control in a discrete Rosenzweig-Macarthur prey-predator model.
596.- Non-KAM classical chaos topology for electrons in superlattice minibands determines the inter-well quantum transition rates.
597.- Dynamical chaos in the integrable Toda chain induced by time discretization.
598.- Chaos in gene regulatory networks: Effects of time delays and interaction structure.
599.- Multistability, relaxation oscillations, and chaos in time-delayed optoelectronic oscillators with direct laser modulation.
600.- From Chaos to Clarity: Use of Mind Maps as a Tool to Ensure Better Learning among Medical Students.
601.- Controlled Chaos: Parsing Acquired Immunoresistance in Lung Cancer.
602.- Phase transition to chaos in complex ecosystems with non-reciprocal species-resource interactions.
603.- Lend a helping hand: Mentoring through chaos.
604.- Annihilation dynamics during spiral defect chaos revealed by particle models.
605.- Harmony in Chaos: Deciphering the Influence of Ischemic Cardiomyopathy and Non-Cardiac Comorbidities on Holter ECG Parameters in Chronic Heart Failure Patients: A Pilot Study.
606.- Chaos-Assisted Tunneling.
607.- Nonlinear dynamics and chaos in a vocal-ventricular fold system.
608.- Epstein-Barr virus: the mastermind of immune chaos.
609.- CGO-ensemble: Chaos game optimization algorithm-based fusion of deep neural networks for accurate Mpox detection.
610.- Preschoolers' Self-Regulation and Behavior Problems in the Midst of Caregiver Depression and Chaos.
611.- Quantum integrability and chaos in a periodic Toda lattice with balanced loss-gain.
612.- de Broglie-Bohm analysis of a nonlinear membrane: From quantum to classical chaos.
613.- Two-qubit entangling operators as chaos control in a discrete dynamic Cournot duopoly game.
614.- Analysis of chaos and regularity in the open Dicke model.
615.- Hamming distance as a measure of spatial chaos in evolutionary games.
616.- Ultrahigh-order QAM secure transmission based on delta-sigma modulation using discrete memristive-enhanced chaos.
617.- Subjective identification and ablation of drivers improves rhythm control in patients with persistent atrial fibrillation. The CHAOS-AF study.
618.- Household chaos and parenting: The effect of household chaos does not depend on sensory-processing sensitivity and self-regulation.
619.- Integrate chaos theory with Epoker and leave God out of it!
620.- Semiclassical Limit of a Measurement-Induced Transition in Many-Body Chaos in Integrable and Nonintegrable Oscillator Chains.
621.- Improved chaos grasshopper optimizer and its application to HRES techno-economic evaluation.
622.- Stabilization in chaotic maps using hybrid chaos control procedure.
623.- Memory loss can prevent chaos in games dynamics.
624.- Harmony in chaos: understanding cancer through the lenses of developmental biology.
625.- From pervasive chaos to evolutionary transition: The experience of healthcare providers during the COVID-19 pandemic.
626.- Comparative analysis and FPGA realization of different control synchronization approaches for chaos-based secured communication systems.
627.- Dads at Mealtimes: Associations between Food Security, Household and Work Chaos, and Paternal Feeding Practices among Australian Fathers Living with Disadvantage.
628.- Ergodicity Breaking and Self-Destruction of Cancer Cells by Induced Genome Chaos.
629.- Maximizing micro-grid energy output with modified chaos grasshopper algorithms.
630.- Secure image encryption algorithm using chaos-based block permutation and weighted bit planes chain diffusion.
631.- Experimental characterization of quasiperiodic route to chaos in a VECSEL with SESAM.
632.- Using Chaos-Game-Representation for Analysing the SARS-CoV-2 Lineages, Newly Emerging Strains and Recombinants.
633.- Auditory chaos classification in real-world environments.
634.- Secure key real-time update and dynamic DNA encryption for CO-OFDM-PON based on a hybrid 5-D chaos.
635.- An improved chaos sparrow search algorithm for UAV path planning.
636.- Callous-Unemotional Traits and Co-occurring Anxiety in Preschool and School-age Children: Investigation of Associations with Family's Socioeconomic Status and Home Chaos.
637.- Molecular chaos under the skin: Epigenetic reprogramming in hidradenitis suppurativa.
638.- Scale-Free Chaos in the 2D Harmonically Confined Vicsek Model.
639.- Polarization- and Chaos-Game-Based Fingerprinting of Molecular Targets of Listeria Monocytogenes Vaccine and Fully Virulent Strains.
640.- Congenital High Airway Obstructive Syndrome (CHAOS) Survival of a Newborn with Laryngeal Atresia.
641.- On chaos control of nonlinear fractional Newton-Leipnik system via fractional Caputo-Fabrizio derivatives.
642.- Experimental investigation of the period-adding bifurcation route to chaos in plasma.
643.- Using covariant Lyapunov vectors to quantify high-dimensional chaos with a conservation law.
644.- Chaotic fractals: Why chaos is the dynamic of carcinogenesis.
645.- High-speed secure key distribution based on interference spectrum-shift keying with signal mutual modulation in commonly driven chaos synchronization.
646.- Multistability and chaos in SEIRS epidemic model with a periodic time-dependent transmission rate.
647.- Noise-induced chaos: A conditioned random dynamics perspective.
648.- New chaos-integrated improved grey wolf optimization based models for automatic detection of depression in online social media and networks.
649.- Identifying Quantum Many-Body Integrability and Chaos Using Eigenstate Trace Distances.
650.- Systematic analysis of non-intrusive polynomial chaos expansion to determine rotary blood pump performance over the entire operating range.
651.- Abundant chaos in a mixer model with a hysteretic iron core inductance.
652.- Resilience Amid Chaos: Abortion Provision Across the United States During COVID-19.
653.- Publisher's Note: "A combat game model with inter-network confrontation and intra-network cooperation" [Chaos 33, 033123 (2023)].
654.- Publisher's Note: "Criticality in transient behavior of coupled oscillator system toward chimera and synchronization" [Chaos 33, 073131 (2023)].
655.- Publisher's Note: "Transitional cluster dynamics in a model for delay-coupled chemical oscillators" [Chaos 33, 063133 (2023)].
656.- Bifurcation and chaos detection of a fractional Duffing-van der Pol oscillator with two periodic excitations and distributed time delay.
657.- Li-Yorke chaos of linear differential equations in a finite-dimensional space with a weak topology.
658.- Exploring dynamics of plant-herbivore interactions: bifurcation analysis and chaos control with Holling type-II functional response.
659.- Household chaos, child temperament, and structure-related feeding practices in toddlerhood: A moderation analysis.
660.- Practice (In)Efficiency in Veterinary Medicine: Moving from Chaos to Control.
661.- Breaking the Cycle of Nursing Chaos: The Need to Address the Nursing Shortage.
662.- Antenna S-parameter optimization based on golden sine mechanism based honey badger algorithm with tent chaos.
663.- The scientific chaos phase of the great pandemic: A longitudinal analysis and systematic review of the first surge of clinical research concerning COVID-19.
664.- Instantons and the quantum bound to chaos.
665.- Chaos in a bacterial stress response.
666.- Active Solid-State Nanopores: Self-Driven Flows/Chaos at the Liquid-Gas Nanofluidic Interface.
667.- Chaos synchronization of VCSELs with common injection of polarization-random light.
668.- High Chaos Induced Multiple-Anion-Rich Solvation Structure Enabling Ultrahigh Voltage and Wide Temperature Lithium-Metal Batteries.
669.- Breaking the Cycle of Nursing Chaos: The Need to Address the Nursing Shortage.
670.- Hope Amid Chaos: A Hospital Tent in Post-Earthquake Haiti.
671.- Controlling quantum chaos: Time-dependent kicked rotor.
672.- Scrambling Is Necessary but Not Sufficient for Chaos.
673.- Global history, the emergence of chaos and inducing sustainability in networks of socio-ecological systems.
674.- Evaluating the chaos game representation of proteins for applications in machine learning models: prediction of antibody affinity and specificity as a case study.
675.- Breaking the Cycle of Nursing Chaos: The Need to Address the Nursing Shortage.
676.- Breaking the Cycle of Nursing Chaos: The Need to Address the Nursing Shortage.
677.- Stability switches and chaos induced by delay in a reaction-diffusion nutrient-plankton model.
678.- From Threatening Chaos to Temporary Order through a Complex Process of Adaptation: A Grounded Theory Study of the Escalation of Intensive Care during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
679.- Retracted: Chaos Adaptive Particle Swarm for Physical Exercise Health Assessment.
680.- Covid-19: Whitehall chaos and misplaced confidence undermined UK's response, inquiry hears.
681.- A chaos-based adaptive equilibrium optimizer algorithm for solving global optimization problems.
682.- An improved particle swarm optimization combined with double-chaos search.
683.- Resilience amidst chaos: an Israeli physician's reflections.
684.- Commentary: Accounting for Migrant Family Separations: When Numerical Chaos Exacerbates Health Inequity.
685.- Erratum: "Research on complex dynamic behavior control of supply chain finance nonlinear system based on fractional differential operators" [Chaos 29, 013134 (2019)].
686.- Mast Cell Disorders of the Gastrointestinal Tract: Clarity out of Chaos.
687.- Medical schools should teach chaos and complexity thinking.
688.- Nonlinear and chaos features over EMD/VMD decomposition methods for ictal EEG signals detection.
689.- 100Gb/s coherent optical secure communication over 1000 km based on analog-digital hybrid chaos.
690.- Order-chaos transition in correlation diagrams and quantization of period orbits.
691.- Pilot-wave dynamics: Using dynamic mode decomposition to characterize bifurcations, routes to chaos, and emergent statistics.
692.- Synchronizing chaos using reservoir computing.
693.- Publisher's Note: "Arbitrarily large heteroclinic networks in fixed low-dimensional state space" [Chaos 33, 083156 (2023)].
694.- Perceived social support mitigates the associations among household chaos and health and well-being in rural early adolescents.
695.- Constraining chaos: Enforcing dynamical invariants in the training of reservoir computers.
696.- Adaptive resonance and control of chaos in a new memristive generalized FitzHugh-Nagumo bursting model.
697.- Quantum Chaos-Dedicated to Professor Giulio Casati on the Occasion of His 80th Birthday.
698.- Chaos Detection by Fast Dynamic Indicators in Reflecting Billiards.
699.- From Chaos to Opportunity: Decoding Cancer Heterogeneity for Enhanced Treatment Strategies.
700.- Infographic. Progressing on-court rehabilitation after injury: the control-chaos continuum adapted to basketball.
701.- Order from chaos: Using CSF proteomics to predict ALS progression.
702.- Criminality, chaos and corruption: Analyzing the narratives of labor migration dynamics in Malaysia.
703.- Period-doubling bifurcation in surface radio-frequency trap: Transition to chaos through Feigenbaum scenario.
704.- Unveiling order from chaos by approximate 2-localization of random matrices.
705.- Future of medical research in Sri Lanka: amidst economic chaos.
706.- Chaos with Gaussian invariant distribution by quantum-noise random phase feedback.
707.- Chaos and multi-layer attractors in asymmetric neural networks coupled with discrete fractional memristor.
708.- Dynamical behavior of chaos, bifurcation analysis and soliton solutions to a Konno-Onno model.
709.- Maternal psychological distress and children's adjustment problems: Mediation by household chaos.
710.- Evolution of the time delay signature of chaos generated in three types of optical injection systems.
711.- Improving the ranging performance of chaos LiDAR.
712.- Phase transition to chaos in complex ecosystems with non-reciprocal species-resource interactions.
713.- Chaos-based block permutation and dynamic sequence multiplexing for video encryption.
714.- Automatic detection of ictal activity in EEG using synchronization and chaos-based attributes.
715.- Helen Salisbury: Covid booster chaos.
716.- High-speed chaos-based secure optical communications over 130-km multi-core fiber.
717.- Chaos Raman distributed optical fiber sensing.
718.- The experimental multi-arm pendulum on a cart: A benchmark system for chaos, learning, and control.
719.- A Bio-Inspired Chaos Sensor Model Based on the Perceptron Neural Network: Machine Learning Concept and Application for Computational Neuro-Science.
720.- Joint Encryption Model Based on a Randomized Autoencoder Neural Network and Coupled Chaos Mapping.
721.- Measurement and Feedback Driven Entanglement Transition in the Probabilistic Control of Chaos.
722.- The chaos law is a principal driver of natural selection: A proposition on the evolution of recently emerged coronaviruses.
723.- Electronic-state chaos, intramolecular electronic energy redistribution, and chemical bonding in persisting multidimensional nonadiabatic systems.
724.- Beauty Borne out of Chaos: Molding a Surgical Subspecialty Through the World Wars.
725.- Takotsubo syndrome and chaos theory.
726.- Order from chaos: cellular asymmetries explained with modelling.
727.- Non-additive entropies and statistical mechanics at the edge of chaos: a bridge between natural and social sciences.
728.- Progressing On-Court Rehabilitation After Injury: The Control-Chaos Continuum Adapted to Basketball.
729.- Consensus, controversy, and chaos in the attribution of characteristics to the morally exceptional.
730.- Chaos, periodic structures, and multistability: Complex dynamical behaviors of an eco-epidemiological model in parameter planes.
731.- Heteroclinic cycles and chaos in a system of four identical phase oscillators with global biharmonic coupling.
732.- Harnessing microcomb-based parallel chaos for random number generation and optical decision making.
733.- The Canadian hepatitis C treatment landscape: Time to turn chaos into order.
734.- Hybrid multi-strategy chaos somersault foraging chimp optimization algorithm research.
735.- Acoustic complexity of pup isolation calls in Mongolian hamsters: 3-frequency phenomena and chaos.
736.- The deep arbitrary polynomial chaos neural network or how Deep Artificial Neural Networks could benefit from data-driven homogeneous chaos theory.
737.- Beyond the bowel - chaos caused by leaky barriers.
738.- Deep Learning for chaos detection.
739.- Neural network complexity of chaos and turbulence.
740.- How household chaos affects social withdrawal of rural children: the indirect role of executive function and receptive language ability.
741.- Performance analysis of indicators of chaos for nonlinear dynamical systems.
742.- Witnessing quantum chaos using observational entropy.
743.- [Household chaos and borderline personality features in adolescents and young adults].
744.- Maximal Memory Capacity Near the Edge of Chaos in Balanced Cortical E-I Networks.
745.- Quantum Chaos in the Extended Dicke Model.
746.- Emergent programmable behavior and chaos in dynamically driven active filaments.
747.- Wideband chaos synchronization using discrete-mode semiconductor lasers.
748.- PhaVIP: Phage VIrion Protein classification based on chaos game representation and Vision Transformer.
749.- Fingerprint construction of optical transmitters based on the characteristic of electro-optic chaos for secure authentication.
750.- WebM&M: Case Studies
751.- Exploring the Role of Indirect Coupling in Complex Networks: The Emergence of Chaos and Entropy in Fractional Discrete Nodes.
752.- Per Aspera ad Chaos: Vladimir Uversky's Odyssey through the Strange World of Intrinsically Disordered Proteins.
753.- A new multimedia cryptosystem using chaos, quaternion theory and modular arithmetic.
754.- Quantification of tissue property and perfusion uncertainties in hyperthermia treatment planning: Multianalysis using polynomial chaos expansion.
755.- Relative asymptotic oscillations of the out-of-time-ordered correlator as a quantum chaos indicator.
756.- Statistics of phase space localization measures and quantum chaos in the kicked top model.
757.- Signatures of the interplay between chaos and local criticality on the dynamics of scrambling in many-body systems.
758.- High-entropy-rate broadband chaos generation by using short-resonant-cavity DFB semiconductor laser with optical feedback.
759.- Erratum: "Faster network disruption from layered oscillatory dynamics" [Chaos 32, 121102 (2022)].
760.- Bifurcations and transition to chaos in generalized fractional maps of the orders 0 < α < 1.
761.- Chaos and confusion in 
762.- Order from Chaos: We live in the rarest type of star system.
763.- Evidence of Chaos in Electroencephalogram Signatures of Human Performance: A Systematic Review.
764.- A retrospective cohort study of differential attainment, COVID and chaos: taking the difference out of a terrible trinity.
765.- Household chaos as a moderator of the link between parents' inhibitory control and parenting quality.
766.- Complexity and transition to chaos in coupled Adler-type oscillators.
767.- Unravelling quantum chaos using persistent homology.
768.- Chaos analysis of the cortical boundary for the recognition of psychosis.
769.- Lipid Mediators Metabolic Chaos of Asthmatic Mice Reversed by Rosmarinic Acid.
770.- Playing HAVOK on the Chaos Caused by Internet Trolls.
771.- Special Collections- Finding Order in the Chaos.
772.- Physical-layer encryption and authentication scheme based on SKGD and 4D hyper-chaos.
773.- Dissecting order amidst chaos of programmed cell deaths: construction of a diagnostic model for KIRC using transcriptomic information in blood-derived exosomes and single-cell multi-omics data in tumor microenvironment.
774.- Bloch theorem dictated wave chaos in microcavity crystals.
775.- Optimized dithering approach for 3D shape measurement using a phase-based chaos genetic algorithm.
776.- Constructed complex motions and chaos.
777.- Brain Similarity as a Protective Factor in the Longitudinal Pathway Linking Household Chaos, Parenting, and Substance Use.
778.- Spatiotemporal ecological chaos enables gradual evolutionary diversification without niches or tradeoffs.
779.- Controlling the chaos: Information management in home-infusion central-line-associated bloodstream infection (CLABSI) surveillance.
780.- Erratum: "Controlling species densities in structurally perturbed intransitive cycles with higher-order interactions" [Chaos 32(10), 103122 (2022)].
781.- Kriging, Polynomial Chaos Expansion, and Low-Rank Approximations in Material Science and Big Data Analytics.
782.- Many-Body Quantum Chaos and Emergence of Ginibre Ensemble.
783.- Risk governance in the response to global health emergencies: understanding the governance of chaos in Brazil's handling of the Covid-19 pandemic.
784.- The impact of dopamine receptor D4, temperamental negativity, and household chaos on young twins' externalizing behaviors.
785.- Dynamical chaos in nonlinear Schrödinger models with subquadratic power nonlinearity.
786.- Massively parallel chaos for LiDAR.
787.- Lie symmetry, chaos optimal control in non-linear fractional-order diabetes mellitus, human immunodeficiency virus, migraine Parkinson's diseases models: using evolutionary algorithms.
788.- Critical Hierarchical Appraisal and Reporting Tool for Composite Measures (CHAOS).
789.- Chaos theory: lessons on educating equality and leadership.
790.- Mechanisms of chromosomal instability (CIN) tolerance in aggressive tumors: surviving the genomic chaos.
791.- Mary Poppins: Creative Chaos and Experiential Learning in a Classic Film.
792.- Digital health technologies and digital biomarkers in REM sleep behavior disorder: need for order out of chaos.
793.- Where are the coexisting parallel climates? Large ensemble climate projections from the point of view of chaos theory.
794.- Quantum Chaos and Level Dynamics.
795.- Experimental demonstration of an 8-Gbit/s free-space secure optical communication link using all-optical chaos modulation.
796.- Wideband chaos induced by the optical injection of a frequency comb.
797.- Assessing the saturation of Krylov complexity as a measure of chaos.
798.- Chaos in the three-site Bose-Hubbard model: Classical versus quantum.
799.- Chaos generated in a semiconductor microcavity.
800.- Influence of home chaos on preschool migrant children's resilience: A moderated mediation model.
801.- Chaos criteria and chaotification schemes on a class of first-order partial difference equations.
802.- Control and Chaos: Caregiver's Basic Psychological Need Frustration is Associated With the Socioemotional Climate When Feeding.
803.- Many-Body Interference at the Onset of Chaos.
804.- Taming Lagrangian chaos with multi-objective reinforcement learning.
805.- Household chaos and mother-adolescent communication.
806.- Chaos and complexity in the dynamics of nonlinear Alfvén waves in a magnetoplasma.
807.- Piecewise integrable neural network: An interpretable chaos identification framework.
808.- Routes toward chaos in a memristor-based Shinriki circuit.
809.- Coexistence of three heteroclinic cycles and chaos analyses for a class of 3D piecewise affine systems.
810.- Design of a fractional-order atmospheric model via a class of ACT-like chaotic system and its sliding mode chaos control.
811.- Biphasic action potential and chaos in a symmetrical Chua Corsage Memristor-based circuit.
812.- Spontaneous chaos and extreme events in a solid-state laser with the transverse-mode-degenerate cavity configuration.
813.- Chaos and Predictability in Ionospheric Time Series.
814.- [Diagnosis and management of a foetus with congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS)].
815.- Scale-free chaos in the confined Vicsek flocking model.
816.- Laminar chaos in systems with quasiperiodic delay.
817.- Pseudolaminar chaos from on-off intermittency.
818.- Analysis of temporal structure of laser chaos by Allan variance.
819.- Performance improvement of coherent optical chaos communication using probabilistic shaping.
820.- Complexity and chaos control of dynamic evolution in energy vehicle production decisions.
821.- Leader-laggard synchronization of polarization chaos in mutually coupled free-running VCSELs.
822.- Wideband and high-dimensional chaos generation using optically pumped spin-VCSELs.
823.- A Smart System for an Assessment of the Remaining Useful Life of Ball Bearings by Applying Chaos-Based Health Indicators and a Self-Selective Regression Model.
824.- Emergence of chaos in a compartmentalized catalytic reaction nanosystem.
825.- Radioiodine therapy in differentiated thyroid cancer. There is (still) a great chaos under heaven: is the situation excellent?
826.- Chaos and resonances in the classical scattering of a positron by a model diatomic molecule.
827.- Out of Chaos Leaders Emerged.
828.- Comment on "A new class of out-gap discrete solitons in binary waveguide arrays" [Chaos 32, 073113 (2022)].
829.- Jewels from chaos: A fascinating journey from abstract forms to physical objects.
830.- Response to "Comment on 'A new class of out-gap discrete solitons in binary waveguide arrays'" [Chaos 32, 073113 (2022)].
831.- Between Order and Chaos: Understanding the Mechanism and Pathology of RAN Translation.
832.- Confronting 'chaos': a qualitative study assessing public health officials' perceptions of the factors affecting Tanzania's COVID-19 vaccine rollout.
833.- Transition to chaos and modal structure of magnetized Taylor-Couette flow.
834.- Exploring Integrability-Chaos Transition with a Sequence of Independent Perturbations.
835.- Controlling Quantum Chaos: Optimal Coherent Targeting.
836.- Two-dimensional constrained chaos and industrial revolution cycles.
837.- Adolescents' reports of chaos within the family home environment: Investigating associations with lifestyle behaviours and obesity.
838.- Toward ordered -omics data science: Researchers on the magic of turning metagenomic chaos into image-like patterns.
839.- Efficient dynamic channel assignment through laser chaos: a multiuser parallel processing learning algorithm.
840.- Quantum Chaos in the Dynamics of Molecules.
841.- Chaos and Thermalization in the Spin-Boson Dicke Model.
842.- Chaos and bipartite entanglement between Bose-Josephson junctions.
843.- Coordinated cancer chaos.
844.- At the edge of chaos: a prospective multiple case study in Australian general practices adapting to COVID-19.
845.- Preparing random states and benchmarking with many-body quantum chaos.
846.- Midsize noncoding RNAs in cancers: a new division that clarifies the world of noncoding RNA or an unnecessary chaos?
847.- Uncertainty quantification of multi-scale resilience in networked systems with nonlinear dynamics using arbitrary polynomial chaos.
848.- From Chaos to Control: One-Page Tip Sheet, a Nursing Professional Development Specialist's Essential Tool for Just-in-Time Education.
849.- Analysis of earthquake hypocenter characteristics using chaos game representation.
850.- Quantifying chaos using Lagrangian descriptors.
851.- Taming cardiac arrhythmias: Terminating spiral wave chaos by adaptive deceleration pacing.
852.- Connecting through Chaos: Stories of Empathy and Trust.
853.- Measuring CHAOS? Evaluating the short-form Confusion, Hubbub And Order Scale.
854.- Accurate and fast clade assignment via deep learning and frequency chaos game representation.
855.- Order from chaos: a case report of a healthy live birth from a genetically "chaotic" embryo.
856.- Spherical wedge billiard: From chaos to fractals and Talbot carpets.
857.- Social Avoidance and Social Adjustment in Chinese Preschool Migrant Children: The Moderating Role of Household Chaos and Gender.
858.- Broadband chaos generation utilizing a wavelength-tunable monolithically integrated chaotic semiconductor laser subject to optical feedback.
859.- Edge-of-chaos learning achieved by ion-electron-coupled dynamics in an ion-gating reservoir.
860.- Many-body quantum chaos and space-time translational invariance.
861.- Input correlations impede suppression of chaos and learning in balanced firing-rate networks.
862.- Chloroquine chaos and COVID-19: Smart delivery perspectives through pH sensitive polymers/micelles and ZnO nanoparticles.
863.- eHealth or e-Chaos: The use of Digital Health Interventions for Health Systems Strengthening in sub-Saharan Africa over the last 10 years: A scoping review.
864.- The Pandemic, the Protests, the Chaos: A Destabilizing Effect on the Analyst : Analyst Involvement in Protests During the Pandemic and Its Effect on a Treatment.
865.- Analytical predictions of stable and unstable firings to chaos in a Hindmarsh-Rose neuron system.
866.- Thresholds, bifurcation and chaos in biological phenomena: Comment on "Mathematical models for Dengue fever epidemiology: A 10-year systematic review" by M. Aguiar et al.
867.- Adaptive chaos synchronization of an attitude control of satellite: A backstepping based sliding mode approach.
868.- Moving Away from Chaos: Intentional and Adaptive Management of the Non-visit Care River.
869.- Studying the Characteristics of Chaos and Fractals of Construction Rocks under Different Loading Velocities.
870.- Deriving Meaning from Chaos: The Mediating Role of the Sense of Coherence in the Serial Relationships among Fear of COVID-19, Indices of Psychological Distress, and Life Satisfaction.
871.- Qualitative analysis and phase of chaos control of the predator-prey model with Holling type-III.
872.- Generic generation of noise-driven chaos in stochastic time delay systems: Bridging the gap with high-end simulations.
873.- Multi-Chaos-Based Lightweight Image Encryption-Compression for Secure Occupancy Monitoring.
874.- Density of imaginary multiplicative chaos via Malliavin calculus.
875.- Chaos-assisted many-body tunnelling.
876.- Shapiro steps and chaos in the Frenkel-Kontorova model with substrate lateral vibration.
877.- Loss of p53 and genetic evolution in pancreatic cancer: Ordered chaos after the guardian is gone.
878.- Chaos single photon LIDAR and the ranging performance analysis based on Monte Carlo simulation.
879.- Chaos-Based Lightweight Cryptographic Algorithm Design and FPGA Implementation.
880.- Editorial: Updates in contraception and abortion care: turbulence, upheaval, and chaos, but keeping calm and continuing to care.
881.- Multifarious aspects of the chaos game representation and its applications in biological sequence analysis.
882.- Shape and size optimization of truss structures by Chaos game optimization considering frequency constraints.
883.- Period-3 motions to chaos in a periodically forced nonlinear-spring pendulum.
884.- Chaos analysis of the brain topology in first-episode psychosis and clinical high risk patients.
885.- Arresting Classical Many-Body Chaos by Kinetic Constraints.
886.- An Efficient Chaos-Based Image Encryption Technique Using Bitplane Decay and Genetic Operators.
887.- Pregnant Through the COVID-19 Chaos: Insights on How Women Use Information in the Perinatal Period During a Pandemic.
888.- Discrete-time COVID-19 epidemic model with chaos, stability and bifurcation.
889.- Transition to chaos of thermocapillary convection.
890.- Secure key distribution based on hybrid chaos synchronization between semiconductor lasers subject to dual injections.
891.- Secure OFDM-PON using three-dimensional selective probabilistic shaping and chaos.
892.- Physical secure key distribution based on chaotic self-carrier phase modulation and time-delayed shift keying of synchronized optical chaos.
893.- Polynomial chaos expansion based sensitivity analysis of predicted knee reactions-assessing the influence of the primary ligaments in distraction based models.
894.- Secure key distribution and synchronization method in an OFDM-PON based on chaos.
895.- Chaos in synthetic microbial communities.
896.- Resilience Strategies of Ports against Covid-19 in Terms of Chaos Theory.
897.- High-quality restoration image encryption using DCT frequency-domain compression coding and chaos.
898.- Learning spatiotemporal chaos using next-generation reservoir computing.
899.- Erratum: "Variational inference of the drift function for stochastic differential equations driven by Lévy processes" [Chaos 32, 061103 (2022)].
900.- Bifurcation structure and chaos in dynamics of nanomagnet coupled to Josephson junction.
901.- Erratum: "Saddle-center and periodic orbit: Dynamics near symmetric heteroclinic connection" [Chaos 31, 023113 (2021)].
902.- Action potential and chaos near the edge of chaos in memristive circuits.
903.- Caputo-Hadamard fractional differential equations on time scales: Numerical scheme, asymptotic stability, and chaos.
904.- Chaos, complexity and COVID-19: The Chaos Theory of Careers in 2022.
905.- The valiant battle: from chaos to integration.
906.- Time Efficient Image Encryption-Decryption for Visible and COVID-19 X-ray Images Using Modified Chaos-Based Logistic Map.
907.- "About Navigating Chaos": Latin American and Caribbean Mental Health Workers' Personal Impact Due to SARS-CoV-2 in the First Hundred Days.
908.- Elliptic Flowers: New Types of Dynamics to Study Classical and Quantum Chaos.
909.- Cancer and Chaos and the Complex Network Model of a Multicellular Organism.
910.- Application of 0-1 test for chaos on forward converter to study the nonlinear dynamics.
911.- Spectral form factor in a minimal bosonic model of many-body quantum chaos.
912.- Effect of chaos on information gain in quantum tomography.
913.- Chaos and irreversibility of a flexible filament in periodically driven Stokes flow.
914.- Spatiotemporal chaos induces extreme events in a three-element laterally coupled laser array.
915.- Limit cycles and chaos in the hybrid atom-optomechanics system.
916.- Beyond Wilson-Cowan dynamics: oscillations and chaos without inhibition.
917.- COVID-19 pandemic or chaos time management: first-line worker shortage - a qualitative study in three Canadian Provinces.
918.- Delta synchronization of Poincaré chaos in gas discharge-semiconductor systems.
919.- Self-pulsing and chaos in the asymmetrically driven dissipative photonic Bose-Hubbard dimer: A bifurcation analysis.
920.- Erratum: "Fractional blood flow in rotating nanofluid with different shapes nanoparticles in the influence of activation energy and thermal radiation" [Chaos 31, 093109 (2021)].
921.- Publisher's Note: "Mean-field analysis of Stuart-Landau oscillator networks with symmetric coupling and dynamical noise" [Chaos 32, 063114 (2022)].
922.- Amplitude response, Melnikov's criteria, and chaos occurrence in a Duffing's system subjected to an external periodic excitation with a variable shape.
923.- Noise-induced stabilization of the FitzHugh-Nagumo neuron dynamics: Multistability and transient chaos.
924.- Gene-environment interplays between family chaos and emotional problems among Nigerian adolescents: A twin study.
925.- Onset of Quantum Chaos in Random Field Theories.
926.- Maximal Quantum Chaos of the Critical Fermi Surface.
927.- The Structure of Chaos: An Empirical Comparison of Fractal Physiology Complexity Indices Using NeuroKit2.
928.- From chaos to creativity: Designing collaborative communication training for the delivery of bad news.
929.- The fractional-order discrete COVID-19 pandemic model: stability and chaos.
930.- Boundary chaos.
931.- Bistability and chaos-assisted tunneling in dissipative quantum systems.
932.- Chaos and thermalization in a classical chain of dipoles.
933.- Chaos-Enhanced Adaptive Hybrid Butterfly Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm for Passive Target Localization.
934.- Cavity optomechanical chaos.
935.- Non-monotone cellular automata: Order prevails over chaos.
936.- Quantifying chaos in stock markets before and during COVID-19 pandemic from the phase space reconstruction.
937.- The COVID war: Building an organizational combat model to reduce chaos.
938.- Data-driven reduced-order modeling of spatiotemporal chaos with neural ordinary differential equations.
939.- Chaos in a Many-String Scattering Amplitude.
940.- Application of Chaos Mutation Adaptive Sparrow Search Algorithm in Edge Data Compression.
941.- A New Conformal Map for Polynomial Chaos Applied to Direction-of-Arrival Estimation via UCA Root-MUSIC.
942.- Misfire Detection in Automotive Engines Using a Smartphone through Wavelet and Chaos Analysis.
943.- Quantum Chaos, Random Matrices, and Irreversibility in Interacting Many-Body Quantum Systems.
944.- Dual chaos encryption for color images enabled in a WGM-random hybrid microcavity.
945.- Medical Image Classification Using Transfer Learning and Chaos Game Optimization on the Internet of Medical Things.
946.- From chaos to clock in recurrent neural net. Case study.
947.- Finding Order in Chaos: Quantitative Predictors of Chaos Terrain Morphology on Europa.
948.- Characterizing chaos in systems subjected to parameter drift.
949.- Non-monotonous dose response function of the termination of spiral wave chaos.
950.- Mother's and children's ADHD genetic risk, household chaos and children's ADHD symptoms: A gene-environment correlation study.
951.- Out of chaos: Phylogenomics of Asian Sonerileae.
952.- "Chaos" for patients and providers after US abortion ruling.
953.- Rhinovirus and COVID-19 in children: a new order out of chaos?
954.- Comparison of the performance and reliability between improved sampling strategies for polynomial chaos expansion.
955.- [
956.- Bifurcation, chaos, multistability, and organized structures in a predator-prey model with vigilance.
957.- Trajectories and Associations Between Maternal Depressive Symptoms, Household Chaos and Children's Adjustment through the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Four-Wave Longitudinal Study.
958.- Control and Anticontrol of chaos in Fractional-order models of Diabetes, HIV, Dengue, Migraine, Parkinson's and Ebola Virus diseases.
959.- Chaos is not rare in natural ecosystems.
960.- The causal effect of household chaos on stress and caregiving: An experimental study.
961.- Point and interval prediction of crude oil futures prices based on chaos theory and multiobjective slime mold algorithm.
962.- Analysis and Research on Sustainable Development Factors of the Sports Industry Based on Chaos Theory.
963.- Analysis of Chaotic Dynamics by the Extended Entropic Chaos Degree.
964.- From Chaos to Ordering: New Studies in the Shannon Entropy of 2D Patterns.
965.- Bifurcation analysis and chaos control of a discrete-time prey-predator model with fear factor.
966.- Spine Apps: Creating Order in the Chaos?
967.- Understanding chaos in COVID-19 and its relationship to stringency index: Applications to large-scale and granular level prediction models.
968.- Comparison of Aortobifemoral Bypass and Endovascular Treatment for Chronic Infrarenal Abdominal Aortic Occlusion From the CHAOS (
969.- Finding meaning in chaos: a selection signature for functional interactions and its use in molecular biology.
970.- ACAOS (Anomalous Coronary Artery From the Opposite Sinus) as Part of a Chaos: 75 Years of Harmonious Occult Coexistence.
971.- High precision reconstruction of silicon photonics chaos with stacked CNN-LSTM neural networks.
972.- Erratum:"Quasi-objective coherent structure diagnostics from single trajectories" [Chaos 31, 043131 (2021)].
973.- Spirituality, Chaos, and Hope.
974.- Is fractional-order chaos theory the new tool to model chaotic pandemics as Covid-19?
975.- Chaos in Cancer Tumor Growth Model with Commensurate and Incommensurate Fractional-Order Derivatives.
976.- An Image Compression Encryption Algorithm Based on Chaos and ZUC Stream Cipher.
977.- Replication in Energy Markets: Use and Misuse of Chaos Tools.
978.- Spectral Filtering Induced by Non-Hermitian Evolution with Balanced Gain and Loss: Enhancing Quantum Chaos.
979.- Novel design of cryptosystems for video/audio streaming via dynamic synchronized chaos-based random keys.
980.- Computational Approaches and Tools as Applied to the Study of Rhythms and Chaos in Biology.
981.- Enlarged Kuramoto model: Secondary instability and transition to collective chaos.
982.- Can Chaos Bring Order to the Study of Functional Connectivity in Neurodevelopmental Disorders?
983.- Guidance in the chaos: Effects of science communication by virologists during the COVID-19 crisis in Germany and the role of parasocial phenomena.
984.- Revisiting the edge of chaos: Again?
985.- Stabilization of unstable reentrant atrial tachycardias via fractionated continuous electrical activity ablation (CHAOS study).
986.- Chaotic optical communications at 56 Gbit/s over 100-km fiber transmission based on a chaos generation model driven by long short-term memory networks.
987.- Signatures of Quantum Chaos in an Out-of-Time-Order Tensor.
988.- Quantum Lyapunov exponents and complex spacing ratios: Two measures of dissipative quantum chaos.
989.- Robust Devaney chaos in the two-dimensional border-collision normal form.
990.- Chaos blended cellular automata on fractals: the effective way of reconfigurable hardware assisted medical image privacy.
991.- Quality Control: Maintaining molecular order and preventing cellular chaos.
992.- Planetary chaos and inverted climate phasing in the Late Triassic of Greenland.
993.- Getting a grip in the middle of chaos: Preparing for preterm parenthood during a high-risk pregnancy - Parental experiences and needs.
994.- Transition from order to chaos in reduced quantum dynamics.
995.- Interacting bosons in a triple well: Preface of many-body quantum chaos.
996.- Optimizations of optical chaos in semiconductor lasers based on multiobjective genetic algorithms.
997.- Quantum Signatures in Quench from Chaos to Superradiance.
998.- Chaos to Clarity: Pragmatic Approaches to Overcome Challenges for Successful Implementation of Additional Risk Minimisation Measures in the European Union and the UK by a Marketing Authorisation Holder.
999.- A new genus of caryophyllidean tapeworms (Cestoda) from 
1000.- Chaos, complexity and computation in the evolution of biological systems.
1001.- Finite-time H∞ synchronization control for coronary artery chaos system with input and state time-varying delays.
1002.- Chaos Structure and Contagion Behavior between COVID-19, and the Returns of Prices of Precious Metals and Oil: MS-GARCH-MLP Copula.
1003.- Publisher's Note: "A new autonomous memristive megastable oscillator and its Hamiltonian-energy-dependent megastability" [Chaos 32, 013127 (2022)].
1004.- Quantum-to-Classical Crossover in Many-Body Chaos and Scrambling from Relaxation in a Glass.
1005.- "It's Pure Chaos Every Day": COVID-19 and the work of Canadian federal institutional parole officers.
1006.- Pluto near the edge of chaos.
1007.- Author Correction: Identification of minimal parameters for optimal suppression of chaos in dissipative driven systems.
1008.- Effect of resolution bandwidth and video bandwidth on the characterization of chaos in a radio-frequency spectrum analyzer.
1009.- Household Chaos and Caregivers' and Young Children's Mental Health during the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Mediation Model.
1010.- Maternal History of Child Maltreatment and Household Chaos: Examining the Mediating Role of Maternal and Child Psychopathology.
1011.- Chaos Adaptive Particle Swarm for Physical Exercise Health Assessment.
1012.- "Special Collections: Creating Order in the Chaos".
1013.- Many shades of sorting: How to control chaos and erratic circumstances?
1014.- Salivary gland carcinomas and molecular chaos: Additional perspectives.
1015.- Seeking justice amidst chaos: methods to identify and document individuals implicated in crimes against the Rohingya in August 2017.
1016.- Erratum: "Two-color optically addressed spatial light modulator as a generic spatiotemporal system" [Chaos 31, 121104 (2021)].
1017.- Influences of Child Temperament and Household Chaos on Preschoolers' Emotional Eating.
1018.- Exploring Associations of Household Chaos and Child Health Behaviors in Rural Families.
1019.- Global Mutational Sweep of SARS-CoV-2: From Chaos to Order.
1020.- Pulsed-chaos MIMO radar based on a single flat-spectrum and Delta-like autocorrelation optical chaos source.
1021.- An Image Encryption Scheme Based on Logistic Quantum Chaos.
1022.- "Things Are Happening That I Don't Understand": A Narrative Exploration of the Chaos of Living with Pelvic Floor Disorders.
1023.- Tumor microenvironment in salivary gland carcinomas: An orchestrated state of chaos.
1024.- Optimization of EB/SM Distillation Processes Based on Divided Wall Columns in a PO/SM Process with a Chaos Differential Evolution Algorithm.
1025.- Fractal Analysis of DNA Sequences Using Frequency Chaos Game Representation and Small-Angle Scattering.
1026.- Searching for Meaning in Chaos: Viktor Frankl's Story.
1027.- Encrypted face recognition algorithm based on Ridgelet-DCT transform and THM chaos.
1028.- Laparoscopic ovarian transposition in teenage and young women with locally advanced rectal cancer: Respite amidst cancer chaos.
1029.- Leonid Shilnikov and mathematical theory of dynamical chaos.
1030.- A phytoplankton-zooplankton-fish model with chaos control: In the presence of fear effect and an additional food.
1031.- Rate of convergence in the disjunctive chaos game algorithm.
1032.- Cytomegalovirus pneumonitis amid COVID-19 chaos: the hidden enemy-a case report.
1033.- A remark on "COVID-19: Perturbation dynamics resulting chaos to stable with seasonality transmission" [Chaos, Solitons and Fractals 145 (2021) 110772].
1034.- From Chaos to Normalization and Deconfinement: What did the Pandemic Unveil in Youth Residential Care.
1035.- Hidden chaos factors inducing random walks which reduce hospital operative efficiency.
1036.- Extrachromosomal Circular DNA (eccDNA): From Chaos to Function.
1037.- Organized Chaos: Deciphering Immune Cell Heterogeneity's Role in Inflammation in the Heart.
1038.- Genome Chaos, Information Creation, and Cancer Emergence: Searching for New Frameworks on the 50th Anniversary of the "War on Cancer".
1039.- A Damping-Tunable Snap System: From Dissipative Hyperchaos to Conservative Chaos.
1040.- Chaos Behavior Analysis of Alaryngeal Voices Including Esophageal and Tracheoesophageal Voices.
1041.- Enhanced Serpent algorithm using Lorenz 96 Chaos-based block key generation and parallel computing for RGB image encryption.
1042.- The onset of dissipative chaos driven by nonequilibrium conditions.
1043.- Impact of chaos on precursors of quantum criticality.
1044.- Recognition of a linear source contamination based on a mixed-integer stacked chaos gate recurrent unit neural network-hybrid sparrow search algorithm.
1045.- Design of a SIMO Deep Learning-Based Chaos Shift Keying (DLCSK) Communication System.
1046.- Master of Chaos and Order: Opposite Microstructures of PCL-co-PGA-co-PLA Accessible by a Single Catalyst.
1047.- Retraction: "On the formulation of Adams-Bashforth scheme with Atangana-Baleanu-Caputo fractional derivative to model chaotic problems" [Chaos 29, 023111 (2019)].
1048.- Complex network analysis of spatiotemporal dynamics of premixed flame in a Hele-Shaw cell: A transition from chaos to stochastic state.
1049.- Bifurcations, chaos, and multistability in a nonautonomous predator-prey model with fear.
1050.- Erratum: "Extreme synchronization events in a Kuramoto model: The interplay between resource constraints and explosive transitions" [Chaos 31, 063103 (2021)].
1051.- Defining "elite" status in sport: from chaos to clarity.
1052.- The Impact of Household Chaos and Dietary Intake on Executive Function in Young Children.
1053.- Taming the chaos: NHS professionals' perspective of using video consulting during COVID-19 in Wales.
1054.- Long COVID a New Derivative in the Chaos of SARS-CoV-2 Infection: The Emergent Pandemic?
1055.- Subdiffusion and Many-Body Quantum Chaos with Kinetic Constraints.
1056.- Creating Confidence Amid Chaos: The Power of Simulation-Based Learning.
1057.- Household chaos mediates the link between family resources and child sleep.
1058.- The role of household chaos on levels and trajectories of socioemotional behavior in the second year.
1059.- Household Chaos and Early Childhood Behavior Problems: The Moderating Role of Mother-Child Reciprocity in Lower-Income Families.
1060.- Chaos game representation and its applications in bioinformatics.
1061.- Chaos during the COVID-19 outbreak: Predictors of household chaos among low-income families during a pandemic.
1062.- Peptidome: Chaos or Inevitability.
1063.- Chaos and subharmonic bifurcations of a soft Duffing oscillator with a non-smooth periodic perturbation and harmonic excitation.
1064.- Initial perturbation matters: Implications of geometry-dependent universal Kardar-Parisi-Zhang statistics for spatiotemporal chaos.
1065.- Knowledge-based learning of nonlinear dynamics and chaos.
1066.- Doubling of invariant curves and chaos in three-dimensional diffeomorphisms.
1067.- The dynamics of a four-step feedback procedure to control chaos.
1068.- Intrinsic electronic noise strength significantly alters a period doubling cascade to chaos.
1069.- Complexity Collapse, Fluctuating Synchrony, and Transient Chaos in Neural Networks With Delay Clusters.
1070.- From Chaos to Pseudorandomness: A Case Study on the 2-D Coupled Map Lattice.
1071.- High-speed secure key distribution using local polarization modulation driven by optical chaos in reciprocal fiber channel.
1072.- Contextual considerations using the 'control-chaos continuum' for return to sport in elite football - Part 1: Load planning.
1073.- An Improved Calculation Formula of the Extended Entropic Chaos Degree and Its Application to Two-Dimensional Chaotic Maps.
1074.- Taming the Chaos in Neural Network Time Series Predictions.
1075.- Computational Power of Asynchronously Tuned Automata Enhancing the Unfolded Edge of Chaos.
1076.- Justifying Born's Rule 
1077.- From symmetry to chaos and back: Understanding and imaging the mechanisms of neural repair after stroke.
1078.- PAPR suppressing matrix transform and dual layered phase sequencing design for a chaos-based multi-carrier CDMA VLC system.
1079.- Changes in family chaos and family relationships during the COVID-19 pandemic: Evidence from a longitudinal study.
1080.- An Improved PSO-GWO Algorithm With Chaos and Adaptive Inertial Weight for Robot Path Planning.
1081.- Sensitivity analysis of queueing models based on polynomial chaos approach.
1082.- CHAOS in the Home Environment and Child Weight-Related Outcomes.
1083.- [Managing mass psychiatric chaos].
1084.- From chaos to control - experiences of healthcare workers during the early phase of the COVID-19 pandemic: a focus group study.
1085.- Information Chaos: An Adapted Framework Describing Citizens' Experiences with Information During COVID-19.
1086.- A Fully Collaborative, Noteless Electronic Medical Record Designed to Minimize Information Chaos: Software Design and Feasibility Study.
1087.- Author Correction: Visualising the heart of chaos.
1088.- School support, chaos, routines, and parents' mental health during COVID-19 remote schooling.
1089.- Chaos May Prevail Without Filial Piety: A Cross-Cultural Study on Filial Piety, the Dark Triad, and Moral Disengagement.
1090.- Spectral Statistics of Non-Hermitian Matrices and Dissipative Quantum Chaos.
1091.- Chaos, organization and creativity: integrative review on Health Care Networks.
1092.- Finding order in chaos - nanocrystals in amorphous protein gels.
1093.- Calpain-Mediated Alterations in Astrocytes Before and During Amyloid Chaos in Alzheimer's Disease.
1094.- Chaos-hyperchaos transition in three identical quorum-sensing mean-field coupled ring oscillators.
1095.- Noninvasive Methods for Fault Detection and Isolation in Internal Combustion Engines Based on Chaos Analysis.
1096.- Integrated Time-Fractional Diffusion Processes for Fractional-Order Chaos-Based Image Encryption.
1097.- Family vulnerability, disruption, and chaos predict parent and child COVID-19 health-protective behavior adherence.
1098.- Multifractality in Quasienergy Space of Coherent States as a Signature of Quantum Chaos.
1099.- A mixed methods analysis of environmental and household chaos: considerations for early-childhood obesity research.
1100.- Batch and stream entropy with fixed partitions for chaos-based random bit generators.
1101.- Post-Brexit chaos kept at bay at the ports.
1102.- Visualising the heart of chaos.
1103.- Deterministic chaos in the self-assembly of β sheet nanotubes from an amphipathic oligopeptide.
1104.- Nomenclature of prokaryotic '
1105.- 3D chaos lidar system with a pulsed master oscillator power amplifier scheme.
1106.- Photonic decision-making for arbitrary-number-armed bandit problem utilizing parallel chaos generation.
1107.- Security strategy of parallel bit interleaved FBMC/OQAM based on four-dimensional chaos.
1108.- Optical chaos generated in semiconductor lasers with intensity-modulated optical injection:a numerical study.
1109.- Connection between HPS and ACLF: a solution of chaos?
1110.- Order out of chaos: Sense of coherence and the mediating role of coping resources in explaining mental health during COVID-19 in 7 countries.
1111.- A reliable chaos-based cryptography using Galois field.
1112.- Many-body quantum chaos and dual-unitarity round-a-face.
1113.- Measuring chaos in the Lorenz and Rössler models: Fidelity tests for reservoir computing.
1114.- Broadband laser chaos generation using a quantum cascade laser with optical feedback.
1115.- Many-Body Chaos in Thermalized Fluids.
1116.- Stochastic Chaos and Markov Blankets.
1117.- A dynamical approach to generate chaos in a micromechanical resonator.
1118.- Harnessing the information theory and chaos game representation for pattern searching among essential and non-essential genes in Bacteria.
1119.- Effects of household chaos and parental responsiveness on child executive functions: a novel, multi-method approach.
1120.- Cardiovascular Testing During COVID-19: Chaos of an Orchestra Rehearsal But Signs of a Harmonious Symphony.
1121.- Period-doubling route to mixed-mode chaos.
1122.- Diagnosing first- and second-order phase transitions with probes of quantum chaos.
1123.- Chaos in the quantum Duffing oscillator in the semiclassical regime under parametrized dissipation.
1124.- Experimental demonstration of a broadband optoelectronic chaos system based on highly nonlinear configuration of IQ modulator.
1125.- Dynamic graph and polynomial chaos based models for contact tracing data analysis and optimal testing prescription.
1126.- Navigating Past the Chaos of the Radiation Oncology 2021 Match.
1127.- Household Chaos and Child Behavior Problems Predict Maternal Well-being.
1128.- Chaos control in a multiple delayed phytoplankton-zooplankton model with group defense and predator's interference.
1129.- Low-dimensional chaos in the single wave model for self-consistent wave-particle Hamiltonian.
1130.- Neighborhood disadvantage, household chaos, and personal stressors: exploring early-life contextual factors and current mental health symptoms in college students.
1131.- Lévy Walks and Path Chaos in the Dispersal of Elongated Structures Moving across Cellular Vortical Flows.
1132.- A chaos theory inspired, asynchronous two-way encryption mechanism for cloud computing.
1133.- 0.75 Gbit/s high-speed classical key distribution with mode-shift keying chaos synchronization of Fabry-Perot lasers.
1134.- Isospectral Twirling and Quantum Chaos.
1135.- Optimal Input Representation in Neural Systems at the Edge of Chaos.
1136.- ER Stress and Micronuclei Cluster: Stress Response Contributes to Genome Chaos in Cancer.
1137.- Performance comparison between Chaos and quantum-chaos based image encryption techniques.
1138.- Erratum: Homoclinic chaos in strongly dissipative strongly coupled complex dusty plasmas [Phys. Rev. E 103, 023205 (2021)].
1139.- Comment on "Homoclinic chaos in strongly dissipative strongly coupled complex dusty plasmas".
1140.- Partial dynamical symmetry versus quasi dynamical symmetry examination within a quantum chaos analyses of spectral data for even-even nuclei.
1141.- Actions during the COVID-19 pandemic to protect the most vulnerable population: what is the potency amid chaos?
1142.- Multifractal and cross-correlation analysis on mitochondrial genome sequences using chaos game representation.
1143.- Per aspera ad chaos: a personal journey to the wonderland of intrinsic disorder.
1144.- Earth's Complexity Is Non-Computable: The Limits of Scaling Laws, Nonlinearity and Chaos.
1145.- Erratum: "Rethinking the definition of rate-induced tipping" [Chaos 31, 053133 (2021)].
1146.- Erratum: "Analysis of diagonals in cross recurrence plots between heart rate and systolic blood pressure during supine position and active standing in healthy adults" [Chaos 28, 085704 (2018)].
1147.- Selective properties of diffusive couplings and their influence on spatiotemporal chaos.
1148.- Combating information chaos: a case for collaborative clinical guidelines in a pandemic.
1149.- Household Chaos, Parental Responses to Emotion, and Child Emotion Regulation in Middle Childhood.
1150.- Proteins sorted by 'chaos and disorder'.
1151.- Parental neuroticism and negative discipline: The role of household chaos and parental perspective taking.
1152.- Commentary: Organized chaos: An acute type A dissection complicating transcatheter aortic valve replacement.
1153.- Chaos in the Quantum Field Theory S-Matrix.
1154.- Genomic Chaos (Multiple Copy Number Variations and Structural Reorganization) Detected in Two Prenatal Cases.
1155.- Chaos in memory function of sleep: A nonlinear dynamical analysis in thalamocortical study.
1156.- Chaos on compact manifolds: Differentiable synchronizations beyond the Takens theorem.
1157.- High-speed secure key distribution based on chaos synchronization in optically pumped QD spin-polarized VCSELs.
1158.- High-entropy chaos generation using semiconductor lasers subject to intensity-modulated optical injection for certified physical random number generation.
1159.- Evolution of time-delay signature of polarized chaos in a unidirectional-coupling VCSEL system with variable-polarization optical injection.
1160.- Is there rule to the chaos: Defining stable patterns in atrial fibrillation.
1161.- Delay in budget allocation for vaccination and awareness induces chaos in an infectious disease model.
1162.- Equilibria, stability and chaos in photogravitational Bi-Circular restricted four-body problem.
1163.- When Noise meets Chaos: Stochastic Resonance in Neurochaos Learning.
1164.- Estrogen receptor-low breast cancer: Biology chaos and treatment paradox.
1165.- Erratum: "Introduction to Focus Issue: Dynamics of modern power grids" [Chaos 30, 063140 (2020)].
1166.- Publisher's Note: "Scenarios of hyperchaos occurrence in 4D Rössler system" [Chaos 30, 123129 (2020)].
1167.- Order in chaos: Structure of chaotic invariant sets of square-wave neuron models.
1168.- Scientometric analysis of the Chaos journal (1991-2019): From descriptive statistics to complex networks viewpoints.
1169.- Erratum: "On explaining the surprising success of reservoir computing forecaster of chaos? The universal machine learning dynamical system with contrasts to VAR and DMD" [Chaos 31(1), 013108 (2021)].
1170.- Erratum: "Dynamics of the price-volume information flow based on surrogate time series" [Chaos 31(1), 013106 (2021)].
1171.- Condensation in the phase space and network topology during transition from chaos to order in turbulent thermoacoustic systems.
1172.- Erratum: "Weight of fitness deviation governs strict physical chaos in replicator dynamics" [Chaos 28, 033104 (2018)].
1173.- The consequences of chaos: Foraging activity of a marine predator remains impacted several days after the end of a storm.
1174.- Stochastic transformations of multi-rhythmic dynamics and order-chaos transitions in a discrete 2D model.
1175.- Appearance of chaos and hyperchaos in evolving pendulum network.
1176.- Wave chaos enhanced light trapping in optically thin solar cells.
1177.- Artificial radio lighting with sources of microwave dynamic chaos.
1178.- Locally active memristor based oscillators: The dynamic route from period to chaos and hyperchaos.
1179.- Chaos: From theory to applications for the 80th birthday of Otto E. Rössler.
1180.- Bi-directional impulse chaos control in crystal growth.
1181.- Taming the chaos?! Using eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) to tackle the complexity in mental health research.
1182.- Approaches and perspectives for online learning during the COVID-19 pandemic and future chaos.
1183.- "My whole room went into chaos because of that thing in the corner": Unintended consequences of a central fetal monitoring system.
1184.- Long-Term Care Nurse Leaders Find Calm in Chaos: Reflections from a CEO during a Global Pandemic.
1185.- Therapy Induced Genome Chaos: A Novel Mechanism of Rapid Cancer Drug Resistance.
1186.- Avalanches and edge-of-chaos learning in neuromorphic nanowire networks.
1187.- Plasmalogen-rich foods promote the formation of cubic membranes in amoeba Chaos under stress conditions.
1188.- The Chaos after the Storm.
1189.- Chaos synchronization based on cluster fusion in asymmetric coupling semiconductor lasers networks.
1190.- Physical layer encryption scheme based on cellular automata and DNA encoding by hyper-chaos in a CO-OFDM system.
1191.- Synchronization of polarization chaos in mutually coupled free-running VCSELs.
1192.- Chaos in the Bose-glass phase of a one-dimensional disordered Bose fluid.
1193.- Nonlinear dynamics and quantum chaos of a family of kicked p-spin models.
1194.- Chaos in fractional system with extreme events.
1195.- Challenges of Organ Shortage for Heart Transplant: Surviving Amidst the Chaos of Long Waiting Times.
1196.- Quantum Chaos Driven by Long-Range Waveguide-Mediated Interactions.
1197.- Heart transplantations amidst the COVID-19 pandemic: "In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity".
1198.- Private communication with quantum cascade laser photonic chaos.
1199.- Hyperbolic uncertainty estimator based fractional order sliding mode control framework for uncertain fractional order chaos stabilization and synchronization.
1200.- Perspectives on Complexity, Chaos and Thermodynamics in Environmental Pathology.
1201.- Dynamic Modeling and Chaos Control of Informatization Development in Manufacturing Enterprises.
1202.- Buckling Sensitivity of Tow-Steered Plates Subjected to Multiscale Defects by High-Order Finite Elements and Polynomial Chaos Expansion.
1203.- Applying frequency chaos game representation with perceptual image hashing to gene sequence phylogenetic analyses.
1204.- Chaos and Ergodicity in Extended Quantum Systems with Noisy Driving.
1205.- A combinatorial in silico approach for microRNA-target identification: Order out of chaos.
1206.- Order among chaos: Cross-linguistic differences and developmental trajectories in pseudoword reading aloud using pronunciation Entropy.
1207.- Quantum chaos and physical distance between quantum states.
1208.- Optimized properties of chaos from a laser diode.
1209.- Appearance of Temporal and Spatial Chaos in an Ecological System: A Mathematical Modeling Study.
1210.- Two-phased evolution: Genome chaos-mediated information creation and maintenance.
1211.- Chaos-Assisted Long-Range Tunneling for Quantum Simulation.
1212.- Disentangling the clinical data chaos: User-centered interface system design for trauma centers.
1213.- Blood Group Databases-Creating Order Out of Chaos?
1214.- Controlling Chaos: How to Construct Electronically Integrated Inpatient Clinical Pathways That Can Disseminate Best Practice Rapidly in Times of Crisis.
1215.- Synchronizing Chaos with Imperfections.
1216.- Topological Lower Bound on Quantum Chaos by Entanglement Growth.
1217.- On Local Activity and Edge of Chaos in a NaMLab Memristor.
1218.- Household chaos, family routines, and young child movement behaviors in the U.S. during the COVID-19 outbreak: a cross-sectional study.
1219.- Bifurcation and chaos analysis for a discrete ecological developmental systems.
1220.- Reply to the Letter to the Editor: Not the Last Word: Predicting Chaos in the Residency Match.
1221.- Chaos and Ergodicity across the Energy Spectrum of Interacting Bosons.
1222.- Non-Linear Hopped Chaos Parameters-Based Image Encryption Algorithm Using Histogram Equalization.
1223.- Research on the Cooperative Detection of Stochastic Resonance and Chaos for Weak SNR Signals in Measurement While Drilling.
1224.- Security Analysis and Improvement of an Image Encryption Cryptosystem Based on Bit Plane Extraction and Multi Chaos.
1225.- Epigenome Chaos: Stochastic and Deterministic DNA Methylation Events Drive Cancer Evolution.
1226.- Order out of chaos? Autism spectrum disorder coordinators' impact on service delivery in New Zealand.
1227.- 
1228.- Caregivers' joint depressive symptoms and preschoolers' daily routines in Chinese three-generation families: Does household chaos matter?
1229.- Maternal and Paternal Attachment Style and Chaos as Risk Factors for Parenting Behavior.
1230.- Bringing Order to the Chaos of Neurologic Emergencies Amid the Chaos of a Pandemic.
1231.- Chaos-opposition-enhanced slime mould algorithm for minimizing the cost of energy for the wind turbines on high-altitude sites.
1232.- Controlling chaos by the system size.
1233.- A tale of two rhythms: Locked clocks and chaos in biology.
1234.- Household chaos, maternal stress, and maternal health behaviors in the United States during the COVID-19 outbreak.
1235.- Diagnosis Between Chaos and Control: Affect and Hospital Clinicians' and Older Adult Patients' Narratives of Urinary Tract Infections.
1236.- Quantum chaos and the correspondence principle.
1237.- Using chaos indicators to determine vaccine influence on epidemic stabilization.
1238.- Drill design using the 'control-chaos continuum': Blending science and art during return to sport following knee injury in elite football.
1239.- From Chaos to Control: Programmable Crack Patterning with Molecular Order in Polymer Substrates.
1240.- Letter to the Editor: Not the Last Word: Predicting Chaos in the Residency Match.
1241.- Signatures of Chaos in Nonintegrable Models of Quantum Field Theories.
1242.- Planning for Chaos: Developing the Concept of Emergency Preparedness through the Experience of the Paramedic.
1243.- Correction to: 'Some people just want to watch the world burn: the prevalence, psychology and politics of the 'Need for Chaos''.
1244.- Chaos in conservative discrete-time systems subjected to parameter drift.
1245.- Logistic map trajectory distributions: Renormalization-group, entropy, and criticality at the transition to chaos.
1246.- A New Algorithm for Digital Image Encryption Based on Chaos Theory.
1247.- How Chaotic Is Genome Chaos?
1248.- Analog-digital hybrid chaos-based long-haul coherent optical secure communication.
1249.- A Case of Clutter and Chaos: Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Confounding Hoarding.
1250.- Research on Economic Optimization of Microgrid Cluster Based on Chaos Sparrow Search Algorithm.
1251.- Chaos and cancers. Theories concerning carcinogenesis.
1252.- Into the Chamber of Horrors: A proposal for the resolution of nomenclatural chaos in the Scaphiophryne calcarata complex (Anura: Microhylidae), with a new species-level phylogenetic hypothesis for Scaphiophryninae.
1253.- Comment on "Modified multiscale fuzzy entropy: A robust method for short-term physiologic signals" [Chaos 30, 083135 (2020)].
1254.- Response to "Comment on 'Modified multiscale fuzzy entropy: A robust method for short-term physiologic signals"' [Chaos 30, 083135 (2020)].
1255.- Comment on "The Winfree model with non-infinitesimal phase-response curve: Ott-Antonsen theory" [Chaos 30, 073139 (2020)].
1256.- Chaos in the peroxidase-oxidase oscillator.
1257.- Average conservative chaos in quantum dusty plasmas.
1258.- Topological characterization of toroidal chaos: A branched manifold for the Deng toroidal attractor.
1259.- On explaining the surprising success of reservoir computing forecaster of chaos? The universal machine learning dynamical system with contrast to VAR and DMD.
1260.- Erratum: "Convective instabilities derived from dissipation of chemical energy" [Chaos 29, 083136 (2019)].
1261.- Fountain of chaos: cerebrospinal fluid enhancement of cancer stem cells in glioblastoma.
1262.- Robust motion trajectory optimization of overhead cranes based on polynomial chaos expansion.
1263.- Quantum chaos, equilibration, and control in extremely short spin chains.
1264.- Homoclinic chaos in strongly dissipative strongly coupled complex dusty plasmas.
1265.- Internal chaotic sea structure and chaos-chaos intermittency in Hamiltonian systems.
1266.- Entropy rate of chaos in an optically injected semiconductor laser for physical random number generation.
1267.- Time delay estimation from the time series for optical chaos systems using deep learning.
1268.- Electro-optic chaos system with time delay signature concealment based on XOR operation and multi-bit PRBS.
1269.- Real-time all-optical random numbers based on optical Boolean chaos.
1270.- The robustness of the chaos game representation to mutations and its application in free-alignment methods.
1271.- Robust finite-time and fixed-time chaos synchronization of PMSMs in noise environment.
1272.- Security Analysis of a Color Image Encryption Algorithm Using a Fractional-Order Chaos.
1273.- Chaos Analysis of Urban Low-Carbon Traffic Based on Game Theory.
1274.- Neonatal ventilation data: finding insight in chaos, or the new Hubble telescope.
1275.- A universal method of chaos cascade and its applications.
1276.- Noise-driven multistability vs deterministic chaos in phenomenological semi-empirical models of whole-brain activity.
1277.- Drug Use and Life Chaos as Potential Factors Contributing to HIV Viral Load among People with Lower Health Literacy.
1278.- Order within chaos: Harnessing Plasmodium falciparum var gene extreme polymorphism for malaria epidemiology.
1279.- Arm order recognition in multi-armed bandit problem with laser chaos time series.
1280.- COVID-19: Perturbation dynamics resulting chaos to stable with seasonality transmission.
1281.- Some people just want to watch the world burn: the prevalence, psychology and politics of the 'Need for Chaos'.
1282.- Chromoanagenesis, the mechanisms of a genomic chaos.
1283.- On inflammatory hypothesis of depression: what is the role of IL-6 in the middle of the chaos?
1284.- Opportunities in Chaos: Leveraging Innovation to Create a New Reality in Nursing Education.
1285.- Leading Through Chaos: Perspectives From Nurse Executives.
1286.- Not the Last Word: Predicting Chaos in the Residency Match.
1287.- An efficient medical image encryption using hybrid DNA computing and chaos in transform domain.
1288.- Finding Order in the Chaos: Outstanding Questions in Klebsiella pneumoniae Pathogenesis.
1289.- People who use drugs in rehabilitation, from chaos to discipline: Advantages and pitfalls: A qualitative study.
1290.- Many-Body Chaos in the Sachdev-Ye-Kitaev Model.
1291.- Fingerprint of chaos and quantum scars in kicked Dicke model: an out-of-time-order correlator study.
1292.- Real-time observation and control of optical chaos.
1293.- [Congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS): a case report].
1294.- Does tinnitus lead to chaos?
1295.- COVID-19 and people who use drugs; seizing opportunity in times of chaos.
1296.- Destabilization and chaos induced by harvesting: insights from one-dimensional discrete-time models.
1297.- Quantum chaos challenges many-body localization.
1298.- Crossover of dynamical instability and chaos in the supercritical state.
1299.- Stability, isolated chaos, and superdiffusion in nonequilibrium many-body interacting systems.
1300.- Chaos may enhance expressivity in cerebellar granular layer.
1301.- Nurse Leaders' Experiences and Learnings Navigating Through the Chaos of a Pandemic.
1302.- Monochromatic Carbon Nanotube Tangles Grown by Microfluidic Switching between Chaos and Fractals.
1303.- SABRE and PHIP pumped RASER and the route to chaos.
1304.- CHAOS Challenge - combined (CT-MR) healthy abdominal organ segmentation.
1305.- Many-Body Level Statistics of Single-Particle Quantum Chaos.
1306.- [
1307.- Modeling and Reducing the Effect of Geometric Uncertainties in Intracranial Aneurysms with Polynomial Chaos Expansion, Data Decomposition, and 4D-Flow MRI.
1308.- Enhancing Chaos Complexity of a Plasma Model through Power Input with Desirable Random Features.
1309.- Chasing chaos by improved identification of suitable embedding dimensions and lags.
1310.- Deciphering chaos in evolutionary games.
1311.- From period to quasiperiod to chaos: A continuous spectrum of orbits of charged particles trapped in a dipole magnetic field.
1312.- Do reservoir computers work best at the edge of chaos?
1313.- Introduction to the chaos focus issue on the dynamics of social systems.
1314.- The Iris billiard: Critical geometries for global chaos.
1315.- Multi-branched resonances, chaos through quasiperiodicity, and asymmetric states in a superconducting dimer.
1316.- Gbps physical random bit generation based on the mesoscopic chaos of a silicon photonics crystal microcavity.
1317.- High-speed physical key distribution based on dispersion-shift-keying chaos synchronization in commonly driven semiconductor lasers without external feedback.
1318.- Laser network decision making by lag synchronization of chaos in a ring configuration.
1319.- Flat broadband chaos generation in a discrete-mode laser subject to optical feedback.
1320.- Post-stroke depression: Chaos to exposition.
1321.- A Comprehensive Framework for Uncovering Non-Linearity and Chaos in Financial Markets: Empirical Evidence for Four Major Stock Market Indices.
1322.- Preserving Health and Productivity in Times of Chaos.
1323.- Surrogates, Chaos, and the Inadequacy of Autonomy.
1324.- On the Possibility of Chaos in a Generalized Model of Three Interacting Sectors.
1325.- Congenital High Airway Obstruction Syndrome (CHAOS): Virtual Navigation in the Fetal Airways After Intrauterine Endoscopic Treatment.
1326.- A Digital Image Confidentiality Scheme Based on Pseudo-Quantum Chaos and Lucas Sequence.
1327.- Approaching Adversarial Example Classification with Chaos Theory.
1328.- Deep Learning-Based Security Verification for a Random Number Generator Using White Chaos.
1329.- A Note on the Reproducibility of Chaos Simulation.
1330.- Chaos Control and Synchronization of a Complex Rikitake Dynamo Model.
1331.- A Novel Hybrid Secure Image Encryption Based on the Shuffle Algorithm and the Hidden Attractor Chaos System.
1332.- Novel Models of Image Permutation and Diffusion Based on Perturbed Digital Chaos.
1333.- A New Image Encryption Algorithm Based on Composite Chaos and Hyperchaos Combined with DNA Coding.
1334.- The dynamic and thermodynamic origin of dissipative chaos: chemical Lorenz system.
1335.- Hematologic Chaos in Lupus Flare: A Case of Fulminant and Simultaneous Antiphospholipid, Anti-ADAMTS13, and Red Blood Cell Autoantibodies.
1336.- Dynamical instabilities in systems of multiple short-period planets are likely driven by secular chaos: a case study of Kepler-102.
1337.- A novel adaptive multi-critic based separated-states neuro-fuzzy controller: Architecture and application to chaos control.
1338.- Homoclinic chaos in the Rössler model.
1339.- Labyrinth chaos: Revisiting the elegant, chaotic, and hyperchaotic walks.
1340.- Stochastic approach to entropy production in chemical chaos.
1341.- Embracing the Chaos: Alloying Adds Stochasticity to Twin Embryo Growth.
1342.- Chaos: exploring an engaging online model for rapid application during the pandemic.
1343.- Food Systems and Health: Prospects for Hope in the Brazilian Chaos?
1344.- When Will the Chaos End?
1345.- The arches of chaos in the Solar System.
1346.- Strong-chaos-caused negative mobility in a periodic substrate potential.
1347.- Weak Integrability Breaking: Chaos with Integrability Signature in Coherent Diffusion.
1348.- Intermittent Chaos in the CSTR Bray-Liebhafsky Oscillator-Specific Flow Rate Dependence.
1349.- Genome chaos: Creating new genomic information essential for cancer macroevolution.
1350.- The challenge and response of mental health institutions in COVID-19 pandemic: from chaos to new normal.
1351.- Generic Rotating-Frame-Based Approach to Chaos Generation in Nonlinear Micro- and Nanoelectromechanical System Resonators.
1352.- Examining the effects of household chaos on child executive functions: A meta-analysis.
1353.- A Case of Pigmented Bowen Disease on the Finger Mimicking Melanoma Showing a Chaos Pattern on Dermoscopy.
1354.- Chaos in Cartan foliations.
1355.- Bifurcations and chaos in a Lorenz-like pilot-wave system.
1356.- Communication Chaos from Discrepancies in Personal Protective Equipment and Preoperative Guidelines.
1357.- Mixed Bag: Some Payers Capitalize on COVID Chaos; Others Help Make Care Easier.
1358.- The CHAOS-7 geomagnetic field model and observed changes in the South Atlantic Anomaly.
1359.- Pharmacy Education in the Time of COVID-19: In Chaos, There is Opportunity.
1360.- Discrete-time predator-prey model with flip bifurcation and chaos control.
1361.- The role of parental self-regulation and household chaos in parent-toddler interactions: A time-series study.
1362.- From chaos to order: the life history of 
1363.- Optical Boolean chaos.
1364.- Organizing Chaos: Iterative Professional Identity Formation Through the Lens of Mask Making.
1365.- CHAOS: A fetal autopsy report.
1366.- On qualitative analysis of the nonstationary delayed model of coexistence of two-strain virus: Stability, bifurcation, and transition to chaos.
1367.- Chaos in a simple model of a delta network.
1368.- Quantum chaos in a system with high degree of symmetries.
1369.- High degree of chaos synchronization in pairs of transverse modes with parity-symmetric polarizations in a thin-slice solid-state vector laser and application to polarimetric secure self-mixing metrology: erratum.
1370.- Chaos, percolation and the coronavirus spread: a two-step model.
1371.- COVID-19 pandemic and chaos theory.
1372.- From chaos to a new norm: The Birmingham experience of restructuring the largest plastics department in the UK in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
1373.- Chaos and Quantum Scars in Bose-Josephson Junction Coupled to a Bosonic Mode.
1374.- Massive California power outage triggers chaos in science labs.
1375.- Origins and Consequences of Chromosomal Instability: From Cellular Adaptation to Genome Chaos-Mediated System Survival.
1376.- Genomic Chaos Begets Psychiatric Disorder.
1377.- Would Medicare for All Be the Most Beneficial Health Care System for Family Physicians and Patients? No: Medicare for All Would Cause Chaos and Fail to Control Health Care Costs.
1378.- Corrigendum to "Mathematical modeling of COVID-19 transmission dynamics with a case study of Wuhan" [Chaos Solitons Fractals 135 (2020), 109846].
1379.- Asymmetry induced suppression of chaos.
1380.- A numerical investigation of the effect of external resistance and applied potential on the distribution of periodicity and chaos in the anodic dissolution of nickel.
1381.- COVID-19 clinical trials: learning from exceptions in the research chaos.
1382.- Evidence of Chaos in Human Emotions Expressed in Tweets.
1383.- Similarity Studies of Corona Viruses through Chaos Game Representation.
1384.- Chaos-assisted tunneling resonances in a synthetic Floquet superlattice.
1385.- Nordmark map and the problem of large-amplitude chaos in impact oscillators.
1386.- Frustrated Potts model: Multiplicity eliminates chaos via reentrance.
1387.- Transport, correlations, and chaos in a classical disordered anharmonic chain.
1388.- Chaos and quantum scars in a coupled top model.
1389.- Characterization of quantum chaos by two-point correlation functions.
1390.- The reproducibility of trophectoderm biopsies - The chaos behind preimplantation genetic testing for aneuploidy.
1391.- The predictable chaos of slow earthquakes.
1392.- Evaluation of high-stability optical beats in laser chaos by plasmonic photomixing.
1393.- Time-delay signature suppression of polarization-resolved wideband chaos in VCSELs with dual-path chaotic optical injections.
1394.- Light in the midst of chaos: COVID-19 and female political representation.
1395.- Effects of maternal depression and prenatal SSRI exposure on executive functions and susceptibility to household chaos in 6-year-old children: prospective cohort study.
1396.- Publisher's Note: "Predicting phase and sensing phase coherence in chaotic systems with machine learning" [Chaos 30, 083114 (2020)].
1397.- Cooperation delay induced chaos in an ecological system.
1398.- The discrete fractional duffing system: Chaos, 0-1 test, C
1399.- High degree of chaos synchronization in pairs of transverse modes with parity-symmetric polarizations in a thin-slice solid-state vector laser and application to polarimetric secure self-mixing metrology.
1400.- Scheme of coherent optical chaos communication.
1401.- Adaptive balancing of exploration and exploitation around the edge of chaos in internal-chaos-based learning.
1402.- Chaos in Schools and Its Relationship to Adolescent Risk Behaviors.
1403.- It's F**ing Chaos: COVID-19's Impact on Juvenile Delinquency and Juvenile Justice.
1404.- Chaos ruined the children's sleep, diet and behaviour: Gendered discourses on family life in pandemic times.
1405.- RCOVID19: Recurrence-based SARS-CoV-2 features using chaos game representation.
1406.- Corrigendum to a novel covid-19 mathematical model with fractional derivatives: Singular and nonsingular kernels [Chaos Solitons & Fractals 139 (2020) 110060].
1407.- Generating visually coherent encrypted images with reversible data hiding in wavelet domain by fusing chaos and pairing function.
1408.- Route to chaos on a dragonfly wing cross section in gliding flight.
1409.- Efficient sampling for polynomial chaos-based uncertainty quantification and sensitivity analysis using weighted approximate Fekete points.
1410.- Chaos and confusion with confidence: Managing fear of Re-Injury after anterior cruciate ligament reconstruction.
1411.- A novel numerical representation for proteins: Three-dimensional Chaos Game Representation and its Extended Natural Vector.
1412.- Finding the Calm in the Chaos: An Institutional Protocol for Anesthetic Management of a Patient for Neurosurgery during Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pandemic.
1413.- Retraction: "A fractional model for predator-prey with omnivore" [Chaos, 29, 013136 (2019)].
1414.- Vulnerability in dynamically driven oscillatory networks and power grids [Chaos 30, 063111 (2020)].
1415.- Lagrangian chaos in steady three-dimensional lid-driven cavity flow.
1416.- Generations of chaos-modulated pulses based on a gain-switched semiconductor laser subject to delay-synchronized optical feedback for pulsed chaos lidar applications.
1417.- Key space enhancement of a chaos secure communication based on VCSELs with a common phase-modulated electro-optic feedback.
1418.- Augmentation of absorption channels induced by wave-chaos effects in free-standing nanowire arrays.
1419.- Chaos synchronization and communication in global semiconductor laser network with coupling time delay signature concealment.
1420.- Neutral competition boosts cycles and chaos in simulated food webs.
1421.- Out of Chaos-Collaboration!
1422.- Analysis of the Stochastic Quarter-Five Spot Problem Using Polynomial Chaos.
1423.- Edge of Chaos and Avalanches in Neural Networks with Heavy-Tailed Synaptic Weight Distribution.
1424.- When three is a crowd: Chaos from clusters of Kuramoto oscillators with inertia.
1425.- Physics-enhanced neural networks learn order and chaos.
1426.- Transient chaos under coordinate transformations in relativistic systems.
1427.- Congenital High Airway Obstruction Syndrome (CHAOS): No Intervention, No Survival-A Case Report and Literature Review.
1428.- Generation of laser chaos with wide-band flat power spectrum in a circular-side hexagonal resonator microlaser with optical feedback.
1429.- Household Chaos Moderates Indirect Pathways Involving Domestic Violence, Parenting Practices, and Behavior Problems among Preschool Children.
1430.- Comorbidity-Based Clusters Contain Chaos in COPD.
1431.- Aortopulmonary paraganglioma masquerading as an anterior mediastinal mass: A fine line between confusion and chaos!
1432.- Associations Among Household Chaos, School Belonging and Risk Behaviors in Adolescents.
1433.- Measuring chaos by entropy for a finite family of functions.
1434.- Introduction to Focus Issue: When machine learning meets complex systems: Networks, chaos, and nonlinear dynamics.
1435.- Publisher's Note: "Essential chaotic dynamics of chatter in turning processes" [Chaos 30, 053108 (2020)].
1436.- Erratum: "Effects of synaptic and myelin plasticity on learning in a network of Kuramoto phase oscillators" [Chaos 29, 083122 (2019)].
1437.- Chaos and periodicities in a climatic time series of the Iberian Margin.
1438.- Chaos may lurk under a cloak of neutrality.
1439.- Does sensory-processing sensitivity moderate the effect of household chaos on caregiver sensitivity? An experimental design.
1440.- Transition from quantum chaos to localization in spin chains.
1441.- Fetoscopic Balloon Dilation and Cricotracheal Resection for Laryngeal Atresia in CHAOS.
1442.- Perspective: Chaos in a Bottle-A Critical Evaluation of Beverage Categorization in Nutrition Research.
1443.- A new image encryption scheme based on coupling map lattices with mixed multi-chaos.
1444.- [Professor 
1445.- Stabilization of extensive fine-scale diversity by ecologically driven spatiotemporal chaos.
1446.- Developmental Flower and Rhizome Morphology in 
1447.- COVID-19 created chaos across the globe: Three novel quarantine epidemic models.
1448.- Mysteries of the Psychoanalytic Process: Reflections on Chaos, Complexity, and Emergence.
1449.- Host-virus evolutionary dynamics with specialist and generalist infection strategies: Bifurcations, bistability, and chaos.
1450.- Terminating transient chaos in spatially extended systems.
1451.- Self-reproducing chaos and bursting oscillation analysis in a meminductor-based conservative system.
1452.- The third type of chaos in a system of two adaptively coupled phase oscillators.
1453.- When chaos is the norm: How some veterans with PTSD are continuing to engage in trauma-focused treatments during the COVID-19 pandemic.
1454.- Symphony in chaos: Immune orchestra during pancreatic cancer progression.
1455.- The plant endoplasmic reticulum: an organized chaos of tubules and sheets with multiple functions.
1456.- iCDA-CGR: Identification of circRNA-disease associations based on Chaos Game Representation.
1457.- Generation and synchronization of wideband chaos in semiconductor lasers subject to constant-amplitude self-phase-modulated optical injection.
1458.- Unveil the time delay signature of optical chaos systems with a convolutional neural network.
1459.- Trying to make sense out of chaos: science, politics and the COVID-19 pandemic.
1460.- Chaos-assisted two-octave-spanning microcombs.
1461.- Taking control amidst the chaos: Emotion regulation during the COVID-19 pandemic.
1462.- Disorder Suppresses Chaos in Viscoelastic Flows.
1463.- Chaos theory applied to the outbreak of COVID-19: an ancillary approach to decision making in pandemic context.
1464.- Pandemic: Psychiatric-Mental Health Nurses Providing Hope in the Midst of Chaos.
1465.- Out of Chaos-Meaning Arises: The Lived Experience of Re-Habituating the Habitual Body When Suffering From Burnout.
1466.- Study on an efficient hyper-chaos-based image encryption scheme using global bit permutation.
1467.- Evolution of Sequence-Diverse Disordered Regions in a Protein Family: Order within the Chaos.
1468.- Household chaos: a risk factor for adverse child outcomes gains attention in public health.
1469.- Publisher's Note: "Don't go chasing artificial waterfalls: Artificial line limits and cascading failures in power grids" [Chaos 29, 113117 (2019)].
1470.- Using nanoresonators with robust chaos as hardware random number generators.
1471.- Retraction: "Transition between multimode oscillations in a loaded hair bundle" [Chaos 29, 083135 (2019)].
1472.- Moving From Islands of Order to a Sea of Chaos: Transitions out of Early Intervention Services for Psychosis.
1473.- BTK Inhibitors in Cancer Patients with COVID-19: "The Winner Will be the One Who Controls That Chaos" (Napoleon Bonaparte).
1474.- Chaos game representation dataset of SARS-CoV-2 genome.
1475.- Does Scrambling Equal Chaos?
1476.- A robust medical image encryption in dual domain: chaos-DNA-IWT combined approach.
1477.- The relationship between household chaos and child, parent, and family outcomes: a systematic scoping review.
1478.- Findings from a human roles terminology survey: consensus or chaos?
1479.- Leading in a Time of Chaos.
1480.- Laminar chaos in experiments and nonlinear delayed Langevin equations: A time series analysis toolbox for the detection of laminar chaos.
1481.- Chaos in a nonautonomous eco-epidemiological model with delay.
1482.- Finding Order in Chaos: Can Instrumental Variables Help Us Understand Observed Treatment Effects?
1483.- Melnikov analysis of chaos in a simple SIR model with periodically or stochastically modulated nonlinear incidence rate.
1484.- Restoring chaos using deep reinforcement learning.
1485.- Synchronization transition from chaos to limit cycle oscillations when a locally coupled chaotic oscillator grid is coupled globally to another chaotic oscillator.
1486.- Effect of external mismatch and internal mismatch caused by pointing error on performances of space chaos laser communication system.
1487.- Injection-locking chaos synchronization and communication in closed-loop semiconductor lasers subject to phase-conjugate feedback.
1488.- Mathematics pioneers who found order in chaos win Abel prize.
1489.- Bad Faith Reasoning, Predictable Chaos, and the Truth.
1490.- Distribution of the ratio of consecutive level spacings for different symmetries and degrees of chaos.
1491.- Chaos-Based Analysis of Heart Rate Variability Time Series in Obstructive Sleep Apnea Subjects.
1492.- Sex Differences in the Association between Household Chaos and Body Mass Index z-Score in Low-Income Toddlers.
1493.- Non periodic oscillations, bistability, coexistence of chaos and hyperchaos in the simplest resistorless Op-Amp based Colpitts oscillator.
1494.- Chaos in fractional-order discrete neural networks with application to image encryption.
1495.- Chaos in disease outbreaks among prey.
1496.- Entropy evaluation of white chaos generated by optical heterodyne for certifying physical random number generators.
1497.- Simultaneous bandwidth-enhanced and time delay signature-suppressed chaos generation in semiconductor laser subject to feedback from parallel coupling ring resonators.
1498.- Time-delay signature concealment of chaos and ultrafast decision making in mutually coupled semiconductor lasers with a phase-modulated Sagnac loop.
1499.- Evaluating entropy rate of laser chaos and shot noise.
1500.- Photon waiting-time distributions: A keyhole into dissipative quantum chaos.
1501.- Title analysis of (systematic) scoping review studies: Chaos or consistency?
1502.- Glioblastoma Stem Cells: Driving Resilience through Chaos.
1503.- Form from Function, Order from Chaos in Male Germline Chromatin.
1504.- Laminar chaos in nonlinear electronic circuits with delay clock modulation.
1505.- Magnon-induced chaos in an optical PT-symmetric resonator.
1506.- Spatiotemporal complexity of chaos in a phase-conjugate feedback laser system.
1507.- Application of Chaos Theory in the Assessment of Emotional Vulnerability and Emotion Dysregulation in Adults.
1508.- Jonathan M. Weber, Death is All around Us: Corpses, Chaos, and Public Health in Porfirian Mexico City.
1509.- Current-Induced Dynamics and Chaos of Antiferromagnetic Bimerons.
1510.- HRT: doctors demand talks with government to tackle "chaos" of shortages.
1511.- Idiopathic multicentric Castleman disease: bringing order to chaos.
1512.- Generating and Detecting Solvable Chaos at Radio Frequencies with Consideration to Multi-User Ranging.
1513.- Publisher's Note: "Learning the tangent space of dynamical instabilities from data" [Chaos 29, 113120 (2019)].
1514.- Socioeconomic status and sleep in adolescence: The role of family chaos.
1515.- Dynamic channel selection in wireless communications via a multi-armed bandit algorithm using laser chaos time series.
1516.- Flocking Phase Change: New work shows how jackdaw flocks (sometimes) transition from chaos to order.
1517.- Longitudinal relations among household chaos, SES, and effortful control in the prediction of language skills in early childhood.
1518.- Optimal short-term memory before the edge of chaos in driven random recurrent networks.
1519.- Communication to cure cath chaos.
1520.- Universal Signature from Integrability to Chaos in Dissipative Open Quantum Systems.
1521.- Nanoparticle-mediated chiral light chaos based on non-Hermitian mode coupling.
1522.- Stable chaos and delayed onset of statisticality in unimolecular dissociation reactions.
1523.- A simple method for detecting chaos in nature.
1524.- Correction to: Order versus chaos: The impact of structure on number-space associations.
1525.- Chaos in Hamiltonian systems subjected to parameter drift.
1526.- Coherent Riemannian-geometric description of Hamiltonian order and chaos with Jacobi metric.
1527.- Convolutional autoencoder and conditional random fields hybrid for predicting spatial-temporal chaos.
1528.- Classical three rotor problem: Periodic solutions, stability and chaos.
1529.- Chaos detection of Duffing system with fractional-order derivative by Melnikov method.
1530.- Autonomic control is a source of dynamical chaos in the cardiovascular system.
1531.- Simulating waves, chaos and synchronization with a microcontroller.
1532.- Constrained chaos in three-module neural network enables to execute multiple tasks simultaneously.
1533.- Chaos theory discloses triggers and drivers of plankton dynamics in stable environment.
1534.- Therapeutic Chaos.
1535.- Forecasting of landslide displacements using a chaos theory based wavelet analysis-Volterra filter model.
1536.- Induced correlations and rupture of molecular chaos by anisotropic dissipative Janus hard disks.
1537.- Bounds on Chaos from the Eigenstate Thermalization Hypothesis.
1538.- Spectral Statistics and Many-Body Quantum Chaos with Conserved Charge.
1539.- The chaos of hypertension guidelines for chronic kidney disease patients.
1540.- ChaosNet: A chaos based artificial neural network architecture for classification.
1541.- Order From Chaos: An Initiative to Improve Opioid Prescribing in Rheumatology Using Lean A3.
1542.- 32  Gb/s chaotic optical communications by deep-learning-based chaos synchronization.
1543.- Self-Regulation Mitigates the Association between Household Chaos and Children's Behavior Problems.
1544.- Prediction Model of Organic Molecular Absorption Energies based on Deep Learning trained by Chaos-enhanced Accelerated Evolutionary algorithm.
1545.- Physical preparation and return to sport of the football player with a tibia-fibula fracture: applying the 'control-chaos continuum'.
1546.- Generation of flat wideband chaos based on mutual injection of semiconductor lasers.
1547.- The Dutch chaos case: A scoping review of knowledge and decision support tools available to clinicians in the Netherlands.
1548.- Didactic model of a simple driven microwave resonant T-L circuit for chaos, multistability and antimonotonicity.
1549.- "It's Like Riding Out the Chaos": Caring for Socially Complex Patients in an Ambulatory Intensive Care Unit (A-ICU).
1550.- Splice sites detection using chaos game representation and neural network.
1551.- Laminar Chaos in Experiments: Nonlinear Systems with Time-Varying Delays and Noise.
1552.- Chaos in Magnetic Nanocontact Vortex Oscillators.
1553.- Hopf bifurcation, stability switches and chaos in a prey-predator system with three stage structure and two time delays.
1554.- A direct transition to chaos in hysteretic systems with focus dynamics.
1555.- Phase-controlled and chaos-assisted or -suppressed quantum entanglement for a spin-orbit coupled Bose-Einstein condensate.
1556.- Interrogation of a large-capacity densely spaced fiber Bragg grating array using chaos-based incoherent-optical frequency domain reflectometry.
1557.- Decision making for the multi-armed bandit problem using lag synchronization of chaos in mutually coupled semiconductor lasers.
1558.- Order from Chaos: Self-Assembly of Nanoprism from a Mixture of Tetratopic Terpyridine-Porphyrin Conformers.
1559.- Spatial chaos as a governing factor for imperfection sensitivity in shell buckling.
1560.- Disease-induced chaos, coexistence, oscillations, and invasion failure in a competition-model with strong Allee effect.
1561.- Corrigendum (2): Revisiting the Taxonomy of the Genus 
1562.- Diet, feeding behavior, and jaw architecture of Taï monkeys: Congruence and chaos in the realm of functional morphology.
1563.- Chaos and psychosocial health in low-income overweight or obese women.
1564.- Chaos: A new mechanism for enhancing the optical generation rate in optically thin solar cells.
1565.- Physical versus mathematical billiards: From regular dynamics to chaos and back.
1566.- Chaos in networks of coupled oscillators with multimodal natural frequency distributions.
1567.- Periodic solutions and chaos in the Barkley pipe model on a finite domain.
1568.- Effect of system energy on quantum signatures of chaos in the two-photon Dicke model.
1569.- And in the Middle of My Chaos There Was You?-Dog Companionship and Its Impact on the Assessment of Stressful Situations.
1570.- The saturated fat Controversy: Finding calmness in chaos.
1571.- Towards resolving the phosphorus chaos created by food systems.
1572.- The chaos of serologic markers in interstitial pneumonia with autoimmune features can be corrected by the laboratory physician.
1573.- Thermalization and possible signatures of quantum chaos in complex crystalline materials.
1574.- A robust cutting pattern recognition method for shearer based on Least Square Support Vector Machine equipped with Chaos Modified Particle Swarm Optimization and Online Correcting Strategy.
1575.- Childhood adiposity trajectories: discerning order amongst the chaos.
1576.- Effect of chaos in a one-channel time-reversal acoustic mirror.
1577.- Dynamical signatures of quantum chaos and relaxation time scales in a spin-boson system.
1578.- Bringing Order out of Chaos: Establishing an Epistatic Relationship between CD33 and TREM2.
1579.- Web Exclusive. Annals Story Slam - Order From Chaos.
1580.- Chaos theory and artificial intelligence may provide insights on disability outcomes.
1581.- Erratum: "Inferring the dynamics of oscillatory systems using recurrent neural networks" [Chaos 29, 063128 (2019)].
1582.- Fast uncertainty quantification for dynamic flux balance analysis using non-smooth polynomial chaos expansions.
1583.- Solar System chaos and the Paleocene-Eocene boundary age constrained by geology and astronomy.
1584.- Cortical reliability amid noise and chaos.
1585.- Suggested Integral Analysis for Chaos-Based Image Cryptosystems.
1586.- Life Chaos is Associated with Reduced HIV Testing, Engagement in Care, and ART Adherence Among Cisgender Men and Transgender Women upon Entry into Jail.
1587.- A healthful home food environment: Is it possible amidst household chaos and parental stress?
1588.- A healthy dose of chaos: Using fractal frameworks for engineering higher-fidelity biomedical systems.
1589.- A chaos to chaos control approach for controlling the chaotic dynamical systems using Hamilton energy feedback and fuzzy-logic system.
1590.- Effects of socioeconomic status and executive function on school readiness across levels of household chaos.
1591.- 'And 
1592.- Author Correction: Temperature Chaos, Memory Effect, and Domain Fluctuations in the Spiral Antiferromagnet Dy.
1593.- Making sense of street chaos: an ethnographic exploration of homeless people's health service utilization.
1594.- Shannon entropy at avoided crossings in the quantum transition from order to chaos.
1595.- Quantum signatures of chaos, thermalization, and tunneling in the exactly solvable few-body kicked top.
1596.- Household Chaos, Maternal Emotional Responsiveness, and Child Eating Behavior: A Moderation Analysis.
1597.- Application of Chaotic Laws to Improve Haplotype Assembly Using Chaos Game Representation.
1598.- Disrupted Relationships, Chaos, and Altered Family Meals in Food-Insecure Households: Experiences of Caregivers and Children.
1599.- Whale hunt, climate lawsuits and chaos-theory pioneer.
1600.- Family Chaos and Asthma Control.
1601.- Bifurcation analysis and chaos control for a plant-herbivore model with weak predator functional response.
1602.- Tailor-made nanostructures bridging chaos and order for highly efficient white organic light-emitting diodes.
1603.- Corrigendum to "Genomic chaos in peripheral blood lymphocytes of hodgkins lymphoma patients 1 year after ABVD chemotherapy/radiotherapy".
1604.- Retraction: "Finite-time stability analysis of fractional differential systems with variable coefficients" [Chaos 29, 013110 (2019)].
1605.- Order versus chaos: The impact of structure on number-space associations.
1606.- Clarity out of chaos: Use of theory in implementation research.
1607.- Observation of flat chaos generation using an optical feedback multi-mode laser with a band-pass filter.
1608.- Books: 
1609.- Artist's Statement: An Imposter Amongst the Chaos.
1610.- Infographic. Progressing rehabilitation after injury: consider the 'control-chaos continuum'.
1611.- SAW Torque Sensor Gyroscopic Effect Compensation by Least Squares Support Vector Machine Algorithm Based on Chaos Estimation of Distributed Algorithm.
1612.- Deep learning on chaos game representation for proteins.
1613.- General Principles of Neurorobotic Models Employing Entrainment and Chaos Control.
1614.- Economic instability and household chaos relate to cortisol for children in poverty.
1615.- Stretches across for chaos.
1616.- Retraction: "Neglecting nonlocality leads to unrealistic numerical scheme for fractional differential equation: Fake and manipulated results" [Chaos 29, 013144 (2019)].
1617.- Chaos, synchronization, and desynchronization in a liquid-fueled diffusion-flame combustor with an intrinsic hydrodynamic mode.
1618.- Semiconductor-laser-based hybrid chaos source and its application in secure key distribution.
1619.- Critical fluctuations and slowing down of chaos.
1620.- Chaos, mitochondria and type 2 diabetes; does type 2 diabetes arise from a metabolic dysrhythmia?
1621.- Micronuclei and Genome Chaos: Changing the System Inheritance.
1622.- Quantification of Voice Type Components Present in Human Phonation Using a Modified Diffusive Chaos Technique.
1623.- Chaos Outside, Kindness Inside: On Lockdown During Hurricane Florence.
1624.- Chaos, danger, and maternal parenting in families: Links with adolescent adjustment in low- and middle-income countries.
1625.- Practising medicine amid chaos in Venezuela.
1626.- Wideband complex-enhanced chaos generation using a semiconductor laser subject to delay-interfered self-phase-modulated feedback.
1627.- Backward bifurcation, oscillations and chaos in an eco-epidemiological model with fear effect.
1628.- Taming chaos to sample rare events: The effect of weak chaos.
1629.- Chaos in a ring circuit.
1630.- Computational capabilities at the edge of chaos for one dimensional systems undergoing continuous transitions.
1631.- Singular cycles and chaos in a new class of 3D three-zone piecewise affine systems.
1632.- Publisher's Note: "State space geometry of the chaotic pilot-wave hydrodynamics" [Chaos 29, 013122 (2019)].
1633.- Noise-induced chaos and signal detection by the nonisochronous Hopf oscillator.
1634.- The association between home chaos and academic achievement: The moderating role of sleep.
1635.- Extreme Decoherence and Quantum Chaos.
1636.- Coaching for Chaos: A Qualitative Study of Instructional Methods for Multipatient Management in the Emergency Department.
1637.- NMR studies of quantum chaos in a two-qubit kicked top.
1638.- Chaos and Anderson localization in disordered classical chains: Hertzian versus Fermi-Pasta-Ulam-Tsingou models.
1639.- Quantum chaos and entanglement in ergodic and nonergodic systems.
1640.- Erratum: Exploring spiral defect chaos in generalized Swift-Hohenberg models with mean flow [Phys. Rev. E 84, 046215 (2011)].
1641.- Resilience in the midst of chaos: Socioecological model applied to women with depressive symptoms and socioeconomic disadvantage.
1642.- Computer Model of Synapse Loss During an Alzheimer's Disease-Like Pathology in Hippocampal Subregions DG, CA3 and CA1-The Way to Chaos and Information Transfer.
1643.- Concatenated γ-aminobutyric acid type A receptors revisited: Finding order in chaos.
1644.- Window to the Future or Door to Chaos?
1645.- Heterogeneity and chaos in the Peyrard-Bishop-Dauxois DNA model.
1646.- Inertial effects in the dc+ac driven underdamped Frenkel-Kontorova model: Subharmonic steps, chaos, and hysteresis.
1647.- Large-scale Interactive Numerical Experiments of Chaos, Solitons and Fractals in Real Time via GPU in a Web Browser.
1648.- Estimating parameters of nonlinear dynamic systems in pharmacology using chaos synchronization and grid search.
1649.- Chaos in non-autonomous discrete systems and their induced set-valued systems.
1650.- Chaos in wavy-stratified fluid-fluid flow.
1651.- Prediction of robust chaos in micro and nanoresonators under two-frequency excitation.
1652.- Embodied neuromechanical chaos through homeostatic regulation.
1653.- Temperature Chaos, Memory Effect, and Domain Fluctuations in the Spiral Antiferromagnet Dy.
1654.- Early student (dis)engagement: Contributions of household chaos, parenting, and self-regulatory skills.
1655.- Congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS): Natural history, prenatal management strategies, and outcomes at a single comprehensive fetal center.
1656.- Intergenerational transmission of delay discounting: The mediating role of household chaos.
1657.- Numerical investigations of synchronization and communication based on an electro-optic phase chaos system with concealment of time delay.
1658.- Quantum Chaos and Quantum Randomness-Paradigms of Entropy Production on the Smallest Scales.
1659.- Genomic chaos in peripheral blood lymphocytes of hodgkins lymphoma patients 1 year after ABVD chemotherapy/radiotherapy.
1660.- Mapping Solar System chaos with the Geological Orrery.
1661.- Breaking an Image Encryption Algorithm Based on DNA Encoding and Spatiotemporal Chaos.
1662.- Chaos analysis and explicit series solutions to the seasonally forced SIR epidemic model.
1663.- Extinction dynamics of spiral defect chaos.
1664.- Kinetic theory for classical and quantum many-body chaos.
1665.- Wideband chaos from a laser diode with phase-conjugate feedback.
1666.- One rogue agent suffices for genomic chaos.
1667.- Progressing rehabilitation after injury: consider the 'control-chaos continuum'.
1668.- Glassy Properties of Anderson Localization: Pinning, Avalanches, and Chaos.
1669.- Key space enhancement of optical chaos secure communication: chirped FBG feedback semiconductor laser.
1670.- Removing chaos from confusion: assigning names to common human and animal pathogens in 
1671.- Magnetization reversal driven by low dimensional chaos in a nanoscale ferromagnet.
1672.- On the local aspects of distributional chaos.
1673.- The smallest chimera: Periodicity and chaos in a pair of coupled chemical oscillators.
1674.- Creating order out of chaos: quality of care in heart failure.
1675.- Phase-mediated magnon chaos-order transition in cavity optomagnonics.
1676.- Self-referential basis of undecidable dynamics: From the Liar paradox and the halting problem to the edge of chaos.
1677.- Chaos synchronization and communication in closed-loop semiconductor lasers subject to common chaotic phase-modulated feedback.
1678.- Exact Spectral Form Factor in a Minimal Model of Many-Body Quantum Chaos.
1679.- Nonclonal Chromosome Aberrations and Genome Chaos in Somatic and Germ Cells from Patients and Survivors of Hodgkin Lymphoma.
1680.- Three Techniques for Enhancing Chaos-Based Joint Compression and Encryption Schemes.
1681.- The DNA walk and its demonstration of deterministic chaos-relevance to genomic alterations in lung cancer.
1682.- Adiabatic Passage through Chaos.
1683.- Robust chaos in 3-D piecewise linear maps.
1684.- Observation of additional delayed-time in chaos synchronization of uni-directionally coupled VCSELs.
1685.- Epitypification of 
1686.- How do we make sense of chaos? Navigating health research regulation through the liminality of the Brexit process.
1687.- Adolescent sleep quality mediates family chaos and adolescent mental health: A daily diary-based study.
1688.- Pharmacologic chaos: severe hypotension from interactions of anesthetics, marijuana, amphetamines, and paroxetine.
1689.- Effects of scarring on quantum chaos in disordered quantum wells.
1690.- Recurrent shocks in a dual chamber implantable cardioverter defibrillator: Making sense of the chaos.
1691.- Chaos-embedded particle swarm optimization approach for protein-ligand docking and virtual screening.
1692.- Coherent chaos in a recurrent neural network with structured connectivity.
1693.- An Analysis of Deterministic Chaos as an Entropy Source for Random Number Generators.
1694.- Chaos enhanced grey wolf optimization wrapped ELM for diagnosis of paraquat-poisoned patients.
1695.- Chaos Signatures in the Short and Long Time Behavior of the Out-of-Time Ordered Correlator.
1696.- Encoding and Decoding DNA Sequences by Integer Chaos Game Representation.
1697.- Demodulation of Chaos Phase Modulation Spread Spectrum Signals Using Machine Learning Methods and Its Evaluation for Underwater Acoustic Communication.
1698.- Executive Function, Chaos and Temperament: Specificities in Preschoolers with Externalizing Behaviors.
1699.- Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD): In the Midst of Vulnerability, Chaos, and Awe.
1700.- Localized chaos of elliptically polarized cavity solitons in broad-area VCSEL with a saturable absorber.
1701.- Factors Associated with Perceived Life Chaos among Post-Myocardial Infarction Survivors in a Malaysian Cardiac Care Facility.
1702.- Low-dimensional paradigms for high-dimensional hetero-chaos.
1703.- Chaos versus noise as drivers of multistability in neural networks.
1704.- Generation of broadband chaos with perfect time delay signature suppression by using self-phase-modulated feedback and a microsphere resonator.
1705.- How Bioinformatic Tools Guide Experiments To Resolve the Chaos of Apparently Unlimited Metabolic Variation.
1706.- Household chaos and screen media use among preschool-aged children: a cross-sectional study.
1707.- Bayesian adaptation of chaos representations using variational inference and sampling on geodesics.
1708.- Radiation-induced mismatch effect on performances of space chaos laser communication systems.
1709.- Hyperchaos & labyrinth chaos: Revisiting Thomas-Rössler systems.
1710.- iPPI-PseAAC(CGR): Identify protein-protein interactions by incorporating chaos game representation into PseAAC.
1711.- Experimental Observation of a Time-Driven Phase Transition in Quantum Chaos.
1712.- Identifying anticancer peptides by using a generalized chaos game representation.
1713.- Interaction of two walkers: Perturbed vertical dynamics as a source of chaos.
1714.- Transition to chaos in wave memory dynamics in a harmonic well: Deterministic and noise-driven behavior.
1715.- Gravitational thermal flows of liquid metals in 3D variable cross-section containers: Transition from low-dimensional to high-dimensional chaos.
1716.- Walking droplets in a circular corral: Quantisation and chaos.
1717.- Targeting intrinsically disordered proteins at the edge of chaos.
1718.- Genomic chaos in peripheral blood lymphocytes of Hodgkin's lymphoma patients one year after ABVD chemotherapy/radiotherapy.
1719.- Research Frontier in Chaos Theory and Complex Networks.
1720.- Generalized polynomial chaos-based uncertainty quantification and propagation in multi-scale modeling of cardiac electrophysiology.
1721.- Neurogenic thoracic outlet syndrome: Bringing order to chaos.
1722.- Fighting chaos with chaos in lasers.
1723.- Revisiting the Taxonomy of the Genus 
1724.- Fractional Form of a Chaotic Map without Fixed Points: Chaos, Entropy and Control.
1725.- A New Image Encryption Algorithm Based on Chaos and Secure Hash SHA-256.
1726.- A journey through chaos and calmness: experiences of mindfulness training in patients with depressive symptoms after a recent coronary event - a qualitative diary content analysis.
1727.- Intelligent Ball Bearing Fault Diagnosis Using Fractional Lorenz Chaos Extension Detection.
1728.- Mealtime Assistance ... From Chaos to Calm: A Collaborative Best Practice Implementation Project.
1729.- Intratumoral Heterogeneity in Ductal Carcinoma In Situ: Chaos and Consequence.
1730.- Security enhancement for OFDM-PON using Brownian motion and chaos in cell.
1731.- Chaos in homeostatically regulated neural systems.
1732.- Chaotic printing: using chaos to fabricate densely packed micro- and nanostructures at high resolution and speed.
1733.- A secret key distribution technique based on semiconductor superlattice chaos devices.
1734.- CRIB effector disorder: exquisite function from chaos.
1735.- Editorial: Deconstructing STEMI Chaos.
1736.- "I Remember the Mental Chaos While They Tried To Seal the Well and Clean Up the Oil Spill - How Much Fear and Uncertainty Everyone Felt": An interview with Marylee and Michael Orr, Louisiana Environmental Action Network.
1737.- Bistatic radar scheme based on the digital-analog hybrid chaos system.
1738.- A Hybrid Fault Diagnosis Approach for Rotating Machinery with the Fusion of Entropy-Based Feature Extraction and SVM Optimized by a Chaos Quantum Sine Cosine Algorithm.
1739.- Application of chaos in a recurrent neural network to control in ill-posed problems: a novel autonomous robot arm.
1740.- Experimental generation and analysis of chaos-modulated pulses for pulsed chaos lidar applications based on gain-switched semiconductor lasers subject to optical feedback.
1741.- Time-delay-signature-suppressed broadband chaos generated by scattering feedback and optical injection.
1742.- Prediction of RNA-protein interactions using conjoint triad feature and chaos game representation.
1743.- Analysis and characterization of chaos generated by free-running and optically injected VCSELs.
1744.- Kicked Hall systems: Quantum-dynamical and spectral manifestations of generic superweak chaos.
1745.- Using a reservoir computer to learn chaotic attractors, with applications to chaos synchronization and cryptography.
1746.- In the beginning, there was chaos: A perspective on the development of immuno-oncological biomarkers.
1747.- From Chaos to Order: Evaporative Assembly and Collective Behavior in Drying Liquid Crystal Droplets.
1748.- Chaos in Kuramoto oscillator networks.
1749.- Chaos in small networks of theta neurons.
1750.- Predicting tipping points of dynamical systems during a period-doubling route to chaos.
1751.- Intrinsically disordered proteins in crowded milieu: when chaos prevails within the cellular gumbo.
1752.- Robust and Fragile Medical Image Watermarking: A Joint Venture of Coding and Chaos Theories.
1753.- Random 
1754.- Scalable photonic reinforcement learning by time-division multiplexing of laser chaos.
1755.- Household chaos during infancy and infant weight status at 12 months.
1756.- Funder Restrictions on Application Numbers Lead to Chaos.
1757.- On Chaos in the Fractional-Order Discrete-Time Unified System and Its Control Synchronization.
1758.- "Taking away the chaos": a health needs assessment for people who inject drugs in public places in Glasgow, Scotland.
1759.- Flux bias-controlled chaos and extreme multistability in SQUID oscillators.
1760.- Analysis and generation of chaos using compositely connected coupled memristors.
1761.- The emergence of multistability and chaos in a two-mode van der Pol generator versus different connection types of linear oscillators.
1762.- Introducing chaos behavior to kernel relevance vector machine (RVM) for four-class EEG classification.
1763.- Order Out of Chaos: Slowly Reversing Mean Flows Emerge from Turbulently Generated Internal Waves.
1764.- Revisited Chaos in a Diffusion-Precipitation-Redissolution Liesegang System.
1765.- Many-Body Quantum Chaos and Entanglement in a Quantum Ratchet.
1766.- An investigation into possible quantum chaos in the H
1767.- Chaos synchronization and Nelder-Mead search for parameter estimation in nonlinear pharmacological systems: Estimating tumor antigenicity in a model of immunotherapy.
1768.- Multiuser communication scheme based on binary phase-shift keying and chaos for telemedicine.
1769.- 
1770.- Survival and weak chaos.
1771.- Relativistic quantum chaos-An emergent interdisciplinary field.
1772.- Management of CHAOS by intact cord resuscitation: case report and literature review.
1773.- It's chaos out here ..
1774.- Deterministic chaos in an ytterbium-doped mode-locked fiber laser.
1775.- ORDER within the chaos: Insights into phylogenetic relationships within the Anomura (Crustacea: Decapoda) from mitochondrial sequences and gene order rearrangements.
1776.- Applied Chaos Level Test for Validation of Signal Conditions Underlying Optimal Performance of Voice Classification Methods.
1777.- Organized Chaos: Does PI-RADS Version 2 Work in the Transition Zone?
1778.- Household chaos and family sleep during infants' first year.
1779.- The chaos of hospitalisation for patients with critical limb ischaemia approaching major amputation.
1780.- An Efficient Big Data Anonymization Algorithm Based on Chaos and Perturbation Techniques.
1781.- Dermatoscopic chaos of border-abruptness led to diagnosis of a minute melanoma.
1782.- Period-adding bifurcation and chaos in a hybrid Hindmarsh-Rose model.
1783.- Chaos and Anderson-like localization in polydisperse granular chains.
1784.- Origin of chaos near three-dimensional quantum vortices: A general Bohmian theory.
1785.- Controlling mutational chaos.
1786.- A downstream drift into chaos: Asymmetric dispersal in a classic density dependent population model.
1787.- 3D pulsed chaos lidar system.
1788.- Secure free-space communication, turbulence mitigation, and other applications using acousto-optic chaos.
1789.- Order must spring from chaos in Italian research.
1790.- Fine Grained Chaos in AdS_{2} Gravity.
1791.- Chaos in Dirac Electron Optics: Emergence of a Relativistic Quantum Chimera.
1792.- Chaos theory for clinical manifestations in multiple sclerosis.
1793.- Organized Chaos in Late Specialization Team Sports: Weekly Training Loads of Elite Adolescent Rugby Union Players.
1794.- Sifting Through Chaos: Extracting Information from Unstructured Legal Opinions.
1795.- Creating Order Out of Chaos - Role of Antenatal Ultrasound in Diagnosis.
1796.- Hypsarrhythmia in epileptic spasms: Synchrony in chaos.
1797.- Chaos synchronization of uncertain chaotic systems using composite nonlinear feedback based integral sliding mode control.
1798.- Author Correction: Ultrafast photonic reinforcement learning based on laser chaos.
1799.- Cryptic Species - Conceptual or Terminological Chaos? A Response to Struck et al.
1800.- Transient chaos in the Lorenz-type map with periodic forcing.
1801.- Weight of fitness deviation governs strict physical chaos in replicator dynamics.
1802.- Parameter dependence of high-frequency nonlinear oscillations and intrinsic chaos in short GaAs/(Al, Ga)As superlattices.
1803.- Meteorite divide points to solar system chaos.
1804.- Correction: Chaos-Based Simultaneous Compression and Encryption for Hadoop.
1805.- Cryptic Species - More Than Terminological Chaos: A Reply to Heethoff.
1806.- Design and Processing of a Novel Chaos-Based Stepped Frequency Synthesized Wideband Radar Signal.
1807.- Generalized Pesin-Like Identity and Scaling Relations at the Chaos Threshold of the Rössler System.
1808.- Experimental Induction of Genome Chaos.
1809.- Assessment of bedside transfusion practices at a tertiary care center: A step closer to controlling the chaos.
1810.- Universality in chaos: Lyapunov spectrum and random matrix theory.
1811.- Global Reliability Sensitivity Analysis Based on Maximum Entropy and 2-Layer Polynomial Chaos Expansion.
1812.- Laminar Chaos.
1813.- Healthy Debate, Frustration, or a Field in Chaos?
1814.- Subharmonics and Chaos in Simple Periodically Forced Biomolecular Models.
1815.- Above Saddle-Point Regions of Order in a Sea of Chaos in the Vibrational Dynamics of KCN.
1816.- Stochastic process design kits for photonic circuits based on polynomial chaos augmented macro-modelling.
1817.- Gaussian Processes and Polynomial Chaos Expansion for Regression Problem: Linkage via the RKHS and Comparison via the KL Divergence.
1818.- Some Iterative Properties of ( F 1 , F 2 ) -Chaos in Non-Autonomous Discrete Systems.
1819.- Above chaos, quest, and restitution: narrative experiences of African immigrant youth's settlement in Canada.
1820.- Quantifying Chaos by Various Computational Methods. Part 1: Simple Systems.
1821.- Quantifying Chaos by Various Computational Methods. Part 2: Vibrations of the Bernoulli-Euler Beam Subjected to Periodic and Colored Noise.
1822.- On stability of fixed points and chaos in fractional systems.
1823.- Response to "Comment on 'A unifying view of synchronization for data assimilation in complex nonlinear networks'" [Chaos 28, 028101 (2018)].
1824.- Comment on "A unifying view of synchronization for data assimilation in complex nonlinear networks" [Chaos 27(12), 126802 (2017)].
1825.- Origin and scaling of chaos in weakly coupled phase oscillators.
1826.- Effortful control and school adjustment: The moderating role of classroom chaos.
1827.- Polarization chaos and random bit generation in nonlinear fiber optics induced by a time-delayed counter-propagating feedback loop.
1828.- Effect of controllable parameter synchronization on the ensemble average bit error rate of space-to-ground downlink chaos laser communication system.
1829.- Dynamics of a broad-band quantum cascade laser: from chaos to coherent dynamics and mode-locking.
1830.- Bomb blast imaging: bringing order to chaos.
1831.- Chaos and dynamical complexity in the quantum to classical transition.
1832.- Multistate intermittency on the route to chaos of a semiconductor laser subjected to optical feedback from a long external cavity.
1833.- Analysis of chaos in high-dimensional wind power system.
1834.- Family conflict, chaos, and negative life events predict cortisol activity in low-income children.
1835.- Neural Correlates of Risk Processing Among Adolescents: Influences of Parental Monitoring and Household Chaos.
1836.- DNA Chaos Blend to Secure Medical Privacy.
1837.- Order from chaos: unravelling the determinants of mixed martial arts performance (PhD Academy Award).
1838.- Emergence of chaos in a viscous solution of rods.
1839.- Chaos-assisted tunneling in the presence of Anderson localization.
1840.- Quantum effects and quantum chaos in multidimensional tunneling.
1841.- Quantum chaos for nonstandard symmetry classes in the Feingold-Peres model of coupled tops.
1842.- Two-dimensional collective electron magnetotransport, oscillations, and chaos in a semiconductor superlattice.
1843.- Chaos and unpredictability in evolution of cooperation in continuous time.
1844.- Chaos-based wireless communication resisting multipath effects.
1845.- Transient chaos and associated system-intrinsic switching of spacetime patterns in two synaptically coupled layers of Morris-Lecar neurons.
1846.- Chaos and multi-scroll attractors in RCL-shunted junction coupled Jerk circuit connected by memristor.
1847.- Routes to Chaos Induced by a Discontinuous Resetting Process in a Hybrid Spiking Neuron Model.
1848.- Searching for Chaos Evidence in Eye Movement Signals.
1849.- The organised chaos of English adolescent rugby union: Influence of weekly match frequency on the variability of match and training loads.
1850.- Publisher's Note: "Bi-SOC-states in one-dimensional random cellular automaton" [Chaos 27, 103123 (2017)].
1851.- Chaos.
1852.- Identification of minimal parameters for optimal suppression of chaos in dissipative driven systems.
1853.- Examining the Relationship Between Children's ADHD Symptomatology and Inadequate Parenting: The Role of Household Chaos.
1854.- Order in Chaos: Understanding Intratumoral Heterogeneity in Gliomas by Tracking Tumor Cell Fate.
1855.- Chaos and the (un)predictability of evolution in a changing environment.
1856.- Evidence of Chaos in a Routine Watchstanding Task.
1857.- Quantifying Strength of Chaos in the Population Firing Rate of Neurons.
1858.- 16  Gbps random bit generation using chaos in near-symmetric erbium-doped fiber ring laser.
1859.- Multi-Gbit/s optical phase chaos communications using a time-delayed optoelectronic oscillator with a three-wave interferometer nonlinearity.
1860.- Controlling Mackey-Glass chaos.
1861.- Control of chemical chaos through medium viscosity in a batch ferroin-catalysed Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction.
1862.- Chaos Quantum-Behaved Cat Swarm Optimization Algorithm and Its Application in the PV MPPT.
1863.- 
1864.- Attachment, household chaos, and children's health.
1865.- Corrigendum to "A biophysical approach to cancer dynamics: Quantum chaos and energy turbulence" [BioSystems 156-157 (June-July) (2017) 1-22].
1866.- Adolescence and Reward: Making Sense of Neural and Behavioral Changes Amid the Chaos.
1867.- A Generalized Polynomial Chaos-Based Approach to Analyze the Impacts of Process Deviations on MEMS Beams.
1868.- Unanticipated Difficult Airway in a Neonate: Are we Prepared for this CHAOS?
1869.- Finding order in chemical chaos - Continuing characterization of synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonists.
1870.- Dermoscopic 'Chaos and Clues' in the diagnosis of melanoma in situ.
1871.- Synchronous behaviour of two interacting oscillatory systems undergoing quasiperiodic route to chaos.
1872.- Nonlinear wave chaos: statistics of second harmonic fields.
1873.- Erratum: "Revealing kinetics and state-dependent binding properties of I
1874.- Biologically inspired rate control of chaos.
1875.- Signatures of chaos in the Brillouin zone.
1876.- Dynamical manifestations of quantum chaos: correlation hole and bulge.
1877.- Strain induced polarization chaos in a solitary VCSEL.
1878.- Cardiac image segmentation using generalized polynomial chaos expansion and level set function.
1879.- Chaos-assisted broadband momentum transformation in optical microresonators.
1880.- Complexity-enhanced polarization-resolved chaos in a ring network of mutually coupled vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers with multiple delays.
1881.- Experimental demonstration of 12.5  GHz wideband chaos in symmetric dual-port EDFRL.
1882.- Relationships of family conflict, cohesion, and chaos in the home environment on maternal and child food-related behaviours.
1883.- mumpce_py: A Python Implementation of the Method of Uncertainty Minimization Using Polynomial Chaos Expansions.
1884.- Emergent dynamics of spatio-temporal chaos in a heterogeneous excitable medium.
1885.- Extended Theory of Harmonic Maps Connects General Relativity to Chaos and Quantum Mechanism.
1886.- Effect of digital acquisition on the complexity of chaos.
1887.- Secure communication systems based on chaos in optically pumped spin-VCSELs.
1888.- Laser-based optoelectronic generation of narrowband microwave chaos for radars and radio-communication scrambling.
1889.- Confirmatory Factor Analysis of the Malay Version of the Confusion, Hubbub and Order Scale (CHAOS-6) among Myocardial Infarction Survivors in a Malaysian Cardiac Healthcare Facility.
1890.- Devil's staircase and the absence of chaos in the dc- and ac-driven overdamped Frenkel-Kontorova model.
1891.- Chaos and Predictability of Homogeneous-Isotropic Turbulence.
1892.- Rhythmic chaos: irregularities of computer ECG diagnosis.
1893.- Applying MSSIM combined chaos game representation to genome sequences analysis.
1894.- Sea-level rise: No chaos in the satellite-data record.
1895.- Secure communications of CAP-4 and OOK signals over MMF based on electro-optic chaos.
1896.- Cubic membrane formation supports cell survival of amoeba Chaos under starvation-induced stress.
1897.- Thriving in Chaos: Leadership in a Rapidly Changing Environment.
1898.- Societal challenges of precision medicine: Bringing order to chaos.
1899.- Ultrafast photonic reinforcement learning based on laser chaos.
1900.- Dynamics of spatiotemporal line defects and chaos control in complex excitable systems.
1901.- Erratum to: Antiplatelet therapy with CABG: chaos in the Netherlands.
1902.- Generation of flat wideband chaos with suppressed time delay signature by using optical time lens.
1903.- Time delay signature elimination of chaos in a semiconductor laser by dispersive feedback from a chirped FBG.
1904.- Searching for cancer vulnerabilities amid genetic chaos.
1905.- Developing new insecticides to prevent chaos: the real future threat.
1906.- Stochastic Chaos in a Turbulent Swirling Flow.
1907.- Analytic solutions throughout a period doubling route to chaos.
1908.- Weak nanoscale chaos and anomalous relaxation in DNA.
1909.- Antiplatelet therapy with CABG: chaos in the Netherlands.
1910.- Structural characterization of chaos game fractals using small-angle scattering analysis.
1911.- Creativity and psychiatric illness: A functional perspective beyond chaos.
1912.- Reconfigurable chaos in electro-optomechanical system with negative Duffing resonators.
1913.- Bringing order to chaos: the case for integrated management of atrial fibrillation.
1914.- Erratum: "Prediction uncertainty and optimal experimental design for learning dynamical systems" [Chaos 26, 063110 (2016)].
1915.- A phase transition induces chaos in a predator-prey ecosystem with a dynamic fitness landscape.
1916.- Sensitivity of Chaos Measures in Detecting Stress in the Focusing Control Mechanism of the Short-Sighted Eye.
1917.- Evaluation of radical scavenging system in amoeba 
1918.- Emergence of chaos in starlike networks of dissipative nonlinear oscillators by localized parametric excitations.
1919.- Chaos in the band structure of a soft Sinai lattice.
1920.- A brief history of the generic classification of the Trochilini (Aves: Trochilidae): the chaos of the past and problems to be resolved.
1921.- Between "the best way to deliver patient care" and "chaos and low clinical value": General Practitioners' and Practice Managers' views on data sharing.
1922.- Mesoscopic chaos mediated by Drude electron-hole plasma in silicon optomechanical oscillators.
1923.- Fourth Surviving Sepsis Campaign's hemodynamic recommendations: a step forward or a return to chaos?
1924.- Of Simple and Complex Genome Rearrangements, Chromothripsis, Chromoanasynthesis, and Chromosome Chaos.
1925.- New Insights in the Cytogenetic Practice: Karyotypic Chaos, Non-Clonal Chromosomal Alterations and Chromosomal Instability in Human Cancer and Therapy Response.
1926.- Design and implementation of EP-based PID controller for chaos synchronization of Rikitake circuit systems.
1927.- Topological characterization and early detection of bifurcations and chaos in complex systems using persistent homology.
1928.- Nature of the optical band shapes in polymethine dyes and H-aggregates: dozy chaos and excitons. Comparison with dimers, H*- and J-aggregates.
1929.- Organised chaos: entropy in hybrid inorganic-organic systems and other materials.
1930.- Chaos as an intermittently forced linear system.
1931.- A new tool for quantum chaos could be powerful for other problems: an inspiring application to many-body localization.
1932.- From Chaos to Harmony: Responses and Signaling upon Microbial Pattern Recognition.
1933.- Household chaos as a context for intergenerational transmission of executive functioning.
1934.- Mechanism for Amplitude Alternans in Electrocardiograms and the Initiation of Spatiotemporal Chaos.
1935.- Chaotic Resonance in Typical Routes to Chaos in the Izhikevich Neuron Model.
1936.- Avalanche and edge-of-chaos criticality do not necessarily co-occur in neural networks.
1937.- Classical Fractals and Quantum Chaos in Ultracold Dipolar Collisions.
1938.- Controversies About Atrial Fibrillation Mechanisms: Aiming for Order in Chaos and Whether it Matters.
1939.- Calm to chaos: Engaging undergraduate nursing students with the complex nature of interruptions during medication administration.
1940.- How to test for partially predictable chaos.
1941.- Memory-Induced Chaos in Cardiac Excitation.
1942.- Nonlinear dynamics and chaos in an optomechanical beam.
1943.- Stochastic resonance based on modulation instability in spatiotemporal chaos.
1944.- A biophysical approach to cancer dynamics: Quantum chaos and energy turbulence.
1945.- Finding order in chaos.
1946.- Chaos emerging in soil failure patterns observed during tillage: Normalized deterministic nonlinear prediction (NDNP) and its application.
1947.- Numerical proof for chemostat chaos of Shilnikov's type.
1948.- Election chaos over Russian science president.
1949.- Household chaos and sleep-disturbing behavior of family members: results of a pilot study of African American early adolescents.
1950.- Hyperpolarization-Activated Current Induces Period-Doubling Cascades and Chaos in a Cold Thermoreceptor Model.
1951.- From chaos to order in active fluids.
1952.- South Korea's scientists seek change amid political chaos.
1953.- A novel procedure for the identification of chaos in complex biological systems.
1954.- Examination of associations between chaos in the home environment, serum cortisol level, and dietary fat intake among parents of preschool-age children.
1955.- Tuning quantum measurements to control chaos.
1956.- Chaos and Correlated Avalanches in Excitatory Neural Networks with Synaptic Plasticity.
1957.- Lost in the chaos: Flawed literature should not generate new disorders.
1958.- Characterization of spatiotemporal chaos in a Kerr optical frequency comb and in all fiber cavities.
1959.- Secure key distribution based on chaos synchronization of VCSELs subject to symmetric random-polarization optical injection.
1960.- PPI Trial for Eosinophilic Esophagitis: Chaos in the Community.
1961.- Chaos syndrome.
1962.- Gene-Environment Interactions in ADHD: The Roles of SES and Chaos.
1963.- Order out of chaos.
1964.- Assembly of Dynamic P450-Mediated Metabolons-Order Versus Chaos.
1965.- Minimal-post-processing 320-Gbps true random bit generation using physical white chaos.
1966.- Encryption key distribution via chaos synchronization.
1967.- Noise-enhanced chaos in a weakly coupled GaAs/(Al,Ga)As superlattice.
1968.- Quantum chaos on a critical Fermi surface.
1969.- Charging overseas patients upfront could cause "chaos," BMA warns.
1970.- Spatiotemporal chaos involving wave instability.
1971.- Chaos and extreme events in an azimuthally polarized Nd:GdVO
1972.- Chaos theory and fractals.
1973.- Partially controlling transient chaos in the Lorenz equations.
1974.- Web Exclusives. Annals for Hospitalists Inpatient Notes - Rituals in Chaos, the Sacred in the Profane.
1975.- Chaos and Regularity in the Doubly Magic Nucleus ^{208}Pb.
1976.- Chromosomal chaos and tumor immunity.
1977.- Chromosomal chaos silences immune surveillance.
1978.- Death and revival of chaos.
1979.- Chaos-Based Simultaneous Compression and Encryption for Hadoop.
1980.- Chaos and hyperchaos in simple gene network with negative feedback and time delays.
1981.- Stochastic chaos induced by diffusion processes with identical spectral density but different probability density functions.
1982.- Operating Room Management at the Edge of Order and Chaos.
1983.- Paternal Multiple Partner Fertility and Environmental Chaos Among Unmarried Nonresident Fathers.
1984.- Intermittent chaos for ergodic light trapping in a photonic fiber plate.
1985.- Intergenerational similarity in callous-unemotional traits: Contributions of hostile parenting and household chaos during adolescence.
1986.- Enhanced complexity of optical chaos in a laser diode with phase-conjugate feedback.
1987.- Chaos in Chiral Condensates in Gauge Theories.
1988.- Vitamin D measurement standardization: The way out of the chaos.
1989.- Encoding in Balanced Networks: Revisiting Spike Patterns and Chaos in Stimulus-Driven Systems.
1990.- Electro-optic chaotic system based on the reverse-time chaos theory and a nonlinear hybrid feedback loop.
1991.- Chaos and Hyperchaos in a Model of Ribosome Autocatalytic Synthesis.
1992.- Child-care chaos and teachers' responsiveness: The indirect associations through teachers' emotion regulation and coping.
1993.- Congenital High Airway Obstruction Syndrome (CHAOS): A perinatal autopsy case report.
1994.- Compressive Sensing with Optical Chaos.
1995.- Finding equilibrium in the spatiotemporal chaos of the complex Ginzburg-Landau equation.
1996.- Symmetry restoring bifurcations and quasiperiodic chaos induced by a new intermittency in a vibro-impact system.
1997.- Harmonization of chaos into a soliton in Kerr frequency combs.
1998.- Current hypotheses to explain genetic chaos under the sea.
1999.- Can Mouse Imaging Studies Bring Order to Autism Connectivity Chaos?
2000.- Congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS) associated with cervical myelomeningocele.
2001.- HIV-Related Stress and Life Chaos Mediate the Association Between Poverty and Medication Adherence Among People Living with HIV/AIDS.
2002.- US Military Nurses: Serving Within the Chaos of Disaster.
2003.- Reply to "Comment on 'Flow-induced arrest of spatiotemporal chaos and transition to a stationary pattern in the Gray-Scott model' ".
2004.- Comment on "Flow-induced arrest of spatiotemporal chaos and transition to a stationary pattern in the Gray-Scott model".
2005.- Chaos of energetic positron orbits in a dipole magnetic field and its potential application to a new injection scheme.
2006.- Monolithic dual-polarization self-mode-locked Nd:YAG 946-nm lasers: controlling beat frequency and observation of temporal chaos.
2007.- Older women deserve more than chaos and depersonalization.
2008.- The onset of chaos in orbital pilot-wave dynamics.
2009.- Quantum chaos in the Heisenberg spin chain: The effect of Dzyaloshinskii-Moriya interaction.
2010.- Devaney chaos plus shadowing implies distributional chaos.
2011.- Chaos in generically coupled phase oscillator networks with nonpairwise interactions.
2012.- Residual neuromuscular blockade: in the beginning there was chaos, but light has not been made yet.
2013.- CHAOS: Prenatal imaging findings with post mortem contrast radiographic correlation.
2014.- Synchronization of polarization chaos from a free-running VCSEL.
2015.- Transient chaos - a resolution of breakdown of quantum-classical correspondence in optomechanics.
2016.- Improved diagonal queue medical image steganography using Chaos theory, LFSR, and Rabin cryptosystem.
2017.- Quantum signature of chaos and thermalization in the kicked Dicke model.
2018.- Seeking order amidst chaos: a systematic review of classification systems for causes of stillbirth and neonatal death, 2009-2014.
2019.- Drifting States and Synchronization Induced Chaos in Autonomous Networks of Excitable Neurons.
2020.- Life Chaos and Perceived Social Support Among Methamphetamine-Using Men Who Have Sex With Men Engaging in Transactional Sexual Encounters.
2021.- Chaos in AdS_{2} Holography.
2022.- Phylogeny of Helieae (Gentianaceae): Resolving taxonomic chaos in a Neotropical clade.
2023.- Wave of chaos in a spatial eco-epidemiological system: Generating realistic patterns of patchiness in rabbit-lynx dynamics.
2024.- Classification chaos in coeliac disease: Does it really matter?
2025.- Application of an Adaptive Polynomial Chaos Expansion on Computationally Expensive Three-Dimensional Cardiovascular Models for Uncertainty Quantification and Sensitivity Analysis.
2026.- Classical chaos in atom-field systems.
2027.- [CHAOS in neonatal emergency care? : Tracheal agenesis in the obstetric theatre].
2028.- Chaos and confusion in DSM-5 diagnosis of Internet Gaming Disorder: Issues, concerns, and recommendations for clarity in the field.
2029.- Chaos in collective health: Fractal dynamics of social learning.
2030.- Generation of 2N + 1-scroll existence in new three-dimensional chaos systems.
2031.- Experimental validation of wireless communication with chaos.
2032.- A topological proof of chaos for two nonlinear heterogeneous triopoly game models.
2033.- Where You Find Yourself: From Chaos Through Crisis to Redemption.
2034.- [Chaos, a bridge between art and science of healing].
2035.- Dynamical playground of a higher-order cubic Ginzburg-Landau equation: From orbital connections and limit cycles to invariant tori and the onset of chaos.
2036.- Entropy, chaos, and excited-state quantum phase transitions in the Dicke model.
2037.- Order Among Chaos-Value of 3-Dimensional Rotational Angiography in Direct Carotid-Cavernous Fistulas.
2038.- Numerical encoding of DNA sequences by chaos game representation with application in similarity comparison.
2039.- Querying through the Chaos. HOW TO GET DOCS' ATTENTION AMIDST THE DIGITAL HEALTHCARE HAZE.
2040.- Security-enhanced chaos communication with time-delay signature suppression and phase encryption.
2041.- Prenatal diagnosis of double aortic arch: can we predict airway obstruction (pseudo-CHAOS) and need for airway EXIT?
2042.- A digital matched filter for reverse time chaos.
2043.- A new classification for hereditary neurological disorders: A cure for the chaos!
2044.- Systems fragility: The sociology of chaos.
2045.- The interplay among socioeconomic status, household chaos, and parenting in the prediction of child conduct problems and callous-unemotional behaviors.
2046.- Calming down chaos regarding redefining blood pressure targets-the importance of statin-based therapy.
2047.- Impulse-induced localized control of chaos in starlike networks.
2048.- Multistability, chaos, and random signal generation in semiconductor superlattices.
2049.- Barrier-induced chaos in a kicked rotor: Classical subdiffusion and quantum localization.
2050.- Brownian motion properties of optoelectronic random bit generators based on laser chaos.
2051.- Optical textures: characterizing spatiotemporal chaos.
2052.- Impact of Chaos Functions on Modern Swarm Optimizers.
2053.- Dynamic video encryption algorithm for H.264/AVC based on a spatiotemporal chaos system.
2054.- The Center of Chaos.
2055.- Protein sequence analysis by incorporating modified chaos game and physicochemical properties into Chou's general pseudo amino acid composition.
2056.- Controlling chaos-assisted directed transport via quantum resonance.
2057.- An Improved Wavelet Packet-Chaos Model for Life Prediction of Space Relays Based on Volterra Series.
2058.- From Quasiperiodic Partial Synchronization to Collective Chaos in Populations of Inhibitory Neurons with Delay.
2059.- Determinism, chaos, self-organization and entropy.
2060.- The role of household chaos in understanding relations between early poverty and children's academic achievement.
2061.- Giant Rydberg excitons: Probing quantum chaos.
2062.- Extreme events induced by spatiotemporal chaos in experimental optical patterns.
2063.- Order-to-chaos transition in the hardness of random Boolean satisfiability problems.
2064.- Generic superweak chaos induced by Hall effect.
2065.- CHAOS.
2066.- Correction: Structural Perturbations to Population Skeletons: Transient Dynamics, Coexistence of Attractors and the Rarity of Chaos.
2067.- Single-site Lennard-Jones models via polynomial chaos surrogates of Monte Carlo molecular simulation.
2068.- Behavioral Health Information Technology: From Chaos To Clarity.
2069.- [The gastrulation in Cnidaria: A key to understanding phylogeny or the chaos of secondary modifications?].
2070.- Signature of Wave Chaos in Spectral Characteristics of Microcavity Lasers.
2071.- The Chaos of Combat: An Overview of Challenges in Military Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Research.
2072.- Maxwell Demon Dynamics: Deterministic Chaos, the Szilard Map, and the Intelligence of Thermodynamic Systems.
2073.- Fast and accurate sensitivity analysis of IMPT treatment plans using Polynomial Chaos Expansion.
2074.- Blue tongue - A modelling examination of fundamentals - Seasonality and chaos.
2075.- Delay driven spatiotemporal chaos in single species population dynamics models.
2076.- Chaos.
2077.- Müller cell metabolic chaos during retinal degeneration.
2078.- Classification of Normal and Apoptotic Cells from Fluorescence Microscopy Images Using Generalized Polynomial Chaos and Level Set Function.
2079.- Laser dynamical reservoir computing with consistency: an approach of a chaos mask signal.
2080.- Noisy coupled logistic maps in the vicinity of chaos threshold.
2081.- Chaos control of Hastings-Powell model by combining chaotic motions.
2082.- Taking the chaos out of accreditation surveys in sterile processing: High-level disinfection, sterilization, and antisepsis.
2083.- CD4+ T-cell gene expression of healthy donors, HIV-1 and elite controllers: Immunological chaos.
2084.- Born of Chaos.
2085.- Changeover Trial of Azilsartan and Olmesartan Comparing Effects on the Renin-Angiotensin-Aldosterone System in Patients with Essential Hypertension after Cardiac Surgery (CHAOS Study).
2086.- Structural class prediction of protein using novel feature extraction method from chaos game representation of predicted secondary structure.
2087.- [A Method of Synthesizing Tinnitus Rehabilitation Sound Based on Pentatonic Scale and Chaos].
2088.- Rheological chaos of frictional grains.
2089.- Quantum chaos and breaking of all anti-unitary symmetries in Rydberg excitons.
2090.- Less chaos in the prognosis of asthma-chronic obstructive lung disease overlap.
2091.- Chaos based crossover and mutation for securing DICOM image.
2092.- Reynolds number effects on mixing due to topological chaos.
2093.- Chaos of radiative heat-loss-induced flame front instability.
2094.- Editorial: Chaos--From simple models to real-world problems.
2095.- The edge of chaos: A nonlinear view of psychoanalytic technique.
2096.- Exposure assessment of one-year-old child to 3G tablet in uplink mode and to 3G femtocell in downlink mode using polynomial chaos decomposition.
2097.- Signatures of chaos in animal search patterns.
2098.- Navigating Through Chaos: Charge Nurses and Patient Safety.
2099.- Intermittent chaos in the Bray-Liebhafsky oscillator. Temperature dependence.
2100.- Corrigendum: Sailing From the Seas of Chaos Into the Corridor of Stability.
2101.- Delocalization and quantum chaos in atom-field systems.
2102.- Chaos synchronization by resonance of multiple delay times.
2103.- High-frequency reverse-time chaos generation using an optical matched filter.
2104.- Creating Order From Chaos: Practical Interventional Targets for the Multiple Wavelets of Atrial Fibrillation.
2105.- Controllable chaos in hybrid electro-optomechanical systems.
2106.- From Chaos to Competency: Implementing a New Competency Model in a Multihospital System.
2107.- Vantage point - Unity or chaos.
2108.- Family chaos and lack of mealtime planning is associated with food insecurity in low income households.
2109.- There is Diversity in Disorder-"In all Chaos there is a Cosmos, in all Disorder a Secret Order".
2110.- De Novo Design at the Edge of Chaos.
2111.- Activity induces traveling waves, vortices and spatiotemporal chaos in a model actomyosin layer.
2112.- Biomineral shell formation under ocean acidification: a shift from order to chaos.
2113.- Evolution of secondary whirls in thermoconvective vortices: Strengthening, weakening, and disappearance in the route to chaos.
2114.- Chaos in the honeycomb optical-lattice unit cell.
2115.- Creating Order from Chaos: Epigenome Dynamics in Plants with Complex Genomes.
2116.- How molecular motors extract order from chaos (a key issues review).
2117.- Calming the Chaos. Disparities and gaps in the treatment of hyperactivity in children has caught some lawmakers' attention.
2118.- Persistent Chaos of Measles Epidemics in the Prevaccination United States Caused by a Small Change in Seasonal Transmission Patterns.
2119.- [Medicine at the "edge of chaos". Life, entropy and complexity].
2120.- Chaos synchronization in vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser based on rotated polarization-preserved optical feedback.
2121.- The Promise of Information and Communication Technology in Healthcare: Extracting Value From the Chaos.
2122.- Spatiotemporal Chaos Induces Extreme Events in an Extended Microcavity Laser.
2123.- Policing, massive street drug testing and poly-substance use chaos in Georgia - a policy case study.
2124.- Solitary solutions including spatially localized chaos and their interactions in two-dimensional Kolmogorov flow.
2125.- Dissipative dynamics of a particle in a vibrating periodic potential: Chaos and control.
2126.- Exponential system-size dependence of the lifetime of transient spiral chaos in excitable and oscillatory media.
2127.- Predictors of behavioral regulation in kindergarten: Household chaos, parenting, and early executive functions.
2128.- Family Chaos and Child Functioning in Relation to Sleep Problems Among Children at Risk for Obesity.
2129.- Whole genome/proteome based phylogeny reconstruction for prokaryotes using higher order Markov model and chaos game representation.
2130.- Dynamical transitions in large systems of mean field-coupled Landau-Stuart oscillators: Extensive chaos and cluster states.
2131.- Household Chaos and Children's Cognitive and Socio-Emotional Development in Early Childhood: Does Childcare Play a Buffering Role?
2132.- Congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS): discussing the role and limits of prenatal diagnosis starting from a single-center case series.
2133.- 'To preserve unity while almost allowing for chaos': Testing the aesthetic principle of unity-in-variety in product design.
2134.- Unscrambling the genomic chaos of osteosarcoma reveals extensive transcript fusion, recurrent rearrangements and frequent novel TP53 aberrations.
2135.- Order and Chaos in the World of Serrated Polyps: Using Oriented Specimens to Help Disoriented Pathologists.
2136.- Commentary: Bringing Order to Chaos--How Psychiatrists Know the Standard of Care.
2137.- Clarity after chaos on revalidation.
2138.- Efficacy or Chaos? Parent-Child Interaction Therapy in Maltreating Populations: A Review of Research.
2139.- Flow-induced arrest of spatiotemporal chaos and transition to a stationary pattern in the Gray-Scott model.
2140.- Regularly timed events amid chaos.
2141.- Chaos and relaxation to equilibrium in systems with long-range interactions.
2142.- Topological chaos of the spatial prisoner's dilemma game on regular networks.
2143.- Accessing Creativity: Jungian Night Sea Journeys, Wandering Minds, and Chaos.
2144.- Designing a stochastic genetic switch by coupling chaos and bistability.
2145.- Chaos in the Clinic: Characteristics and Consequences of Practices Perceived as Chaotic.
2146.- Quasiperiodic routes to chaos in confined two-dimensional differential convection.
2147.- Stabilization of three-dimensional scroll waves and suppression of spatiotemporal chaos by heterogeneities.
2148.- Using the small alignment index chaos indicator to characterize the vibrational dynamics of a molecular system: LiNC-LiCN.
2149.- What is new in critical illness and injury science? Patient safety amidst chaos: Are we on the same team during emergency and critical care interventions?
2150.- Attack Coverage in High-Level Men's Volleyball: Organization on the Edge of Chaos?
2151.- Self-Ordered Limit Cycles, Chaos, and Phase Slippage with a Superfluid inside an Optical Resonator.
2152.- Chaos control via feeding switching in an omnivory system.
2153.- Periodicity, chaos, and multiple attractors in a memristor-based Shinriki's circuit.
2154.- From phenotypic chaos to neurobiological order.
2155.- Transitional Chaos or Enduring Harm? The EHR and the Disruption of Medicine.
2156.- Atomistic Glimpse of the Orderly Chaos of One Protein.
2157.- At the Edge of Chaos: How Cerebellar Granular Layer Network Dynamics Can Provide the Basis for Temporal Filters.
2158.- Static/dynamic strain sensing applications by monitoring the correlation peak from optical wideband chaos.
2159.- The Dialectic of Chaos and Control in the Experience of Therapists Who Work With Sexually Abused Children.
2160.- Reply to "comment on 'entanglement and chaos in the kicked top' ".
2161.- Comment on "entanglement and chaos in the kicked top".
2162.- Lagrangian chaos and particle diffusion in electroconvection of planar nematic liquid crystals.
2163.- Gain control through divisive inhibition prevents abrupt transition to chaos in a neural mass model.
2164.- Diagnosing Chaos Using Four-Point Functions in Two-Dimensional Conformal Field Theory.
2165.- Dissociative states in dreams and brain chaos: implications for creative awareness.
2166.- Prediction of protein-protein interactions using chaos game representation and wavelet transform via the random forest algorithm.
2167.- Granular chaos and mixing: Whirled in a grain of sand.
2168.- The joy of transient chaos.
2169.- Defining chaos.
2170.- Exploiting chaos for applications.
2171.- Some new surprises in chaos.
2172.- Chaos, patterns, coherent structures, and turbulence: Reflections on nonlinear science.
2173.- Quantum and wave dynamical chaos in superconducting microwave billiards.
2174.- Introduction to Focus Issue: The 25th Anniversary of Chaos: Perspectives on Nonlinear Science-Past, Present, and Future.
2175.- Editorial: The pre-history of Chaos-An Interdisciplinary Journal of Nonlinear Science.
2176.- An Experimental Realization of a Chaos-Based Secure Communication Using Arduino Microcontrollers.
2177.- Use of Multiple Sclerosant Agents in Vascular Malformation Management: A World in Endovascular Confusion and Chaos.
2178.- Self-Organisation in Spatial Systems-From Fractal Chaos to Regular Patterns and Vice Versa.
2179.- Chaos, Hubbub, and Order Scale and Health Risk Behaviors in Adolescents in Los Angeles.
2180.- Controlling spatiotemporal chaos in active dissipative-dispersive nonlinear systems.
2181.- Intermittency route to chaos and broadband high-frequency generation in semiconductor superlattice coupled to external resonator.
2182.- Building Specific Signals from Frequency Chaos Game and Revealing Periodicities Using a Smoothed Fourier Analysis.
2183.- Clarification and Complement to "Mean-Field Description and Propagation of Chaos in Networks of Hodgkin-Huxley and FitzHugh-Nagumo Neurons".
2184.- Superfluidity and Chaos in low dimensional circuits.
2185.- Spatiotemporal chaos from bursting dynamics.
2186.- Responses of spatiotemporal chaos to oscillating forces.
2187.- The "Metric" System: Yet More Chaos in Scholarly Publishing.
2188.- Extensive Four-Dimensional Chaos in a Mesoscopic Model of the Electroencephalogram.
2189.- Robust finite-time chaos synchronization of uncertain permanent magnet synchronous motors.
2190.- Chaos Following Fragmentation.
2191.- Dinosaurs among us causing chaos and confusion.
2192.- Publisher's Note: "On identifying relationships between the flood scaling exponent and basin attributes" [Chaos 25, 075405 (2015)].
2193.- Series-nonuniform rational B-spline signal feedback: From chaos to any embedded periodic orbit or target point.
2194.- Chaos control of the brushless direct current motor using adaptive dynamic surface control based on neural network with the minimum weights.
2195.- Asynchronous Rate Chaos in Spiking Neuronal Circuits.
2196.- Chaos in high-dimensional dissipative dynamical systems.
2197.- The Ordinary Chaos of Psychosis.
2198.- How Does the Xenopus laevis Embryonic Cell Cycle Avoid Spatial Chaos?
2199.- At the edge of chaos--error tolerance and the maintenance of Lévy statistics in animal movement: Comment on "Liberating Lévy walk research from the shackles of optimal foraging" by A.M. Reynolds.
2200.- PT-Symmetry-Breaking Chaos in Optomechanics.
2201.- Polarization-resolved time-delay signatures of chaos induced by FBG-feedback in VCSEL.
2202.- "You're in a world of chaos": experiences accessing HIV care and adhering to medications after incarceration.
2203.- Harvesting entropy and quantifying the transition from noise to chaos in a photon-counting feedback loop.
2204.- Pulmonary nodules: bringing order out of chaos.
2205.- The transition between strong and weak chaos in delay systems: Stochastic modeling approach.
2206.- Exact invariant measures: How the strength of measure settles the intensity of chaos.
2207.- Characterizing weak chaos using time series of Lyapunov exponents.
2208.- Frequency assortativity can induce chaos in oscillator networks.
2209.- Centrifugal Field-Induced Colloidal Assembly: From Chaos to Order.
2210.- Applicability of the polynomial chaos expansion method for personalization of a cardiovascular pulse wave propagation model.
2211.- Geometry of the edge of chaos in a low-dimensional turbulent shear flow model.
2212.- Detecting Nonlinearity and Edge-of-Chaos Phenomena in Ordinal Data.
2213.- Extracting order from elegant chaos: implications of the marine diversity spectrum.
2214.- Chaos of Rearrangements in the Mating-Type Chromosomes of the Anther-Smut Fungus Microbotryum lychnidis-dioicae.
2215.- Beyond Benford's Law: Distinguishing Noise from Chaos.
2216.- Harmony from chaos? Perceptual-motor delays enhance behavioral anticipation in social interaction.
2217.- Response to "Comment on 'Dynamical glucometry: Use of multiscale entropy analysis in diabetes'" [Chaos 25, 058101 (2015)].
2218.- Comment on "Dynamical glucometry: Use of multiscale entropy analysis in diabetes" [Chaos 24, 033139 (2014)].
2219.- A cubic map chaos criterion theorem with applications in generalized synchronization based pseudorandom number generator and image encryption.
2220.- Study of the influence of the orientation of a 50-Hz magnetic field on fetal exposure using polynomial chaos decomposition.
2221.- How Complex, Probable, and Predictable is Genetically Driven Red Queen Chaos?
2222.- Aneuploidy and chromosomal instability in cancer: a jackpot to chaos.
2223.- [Ministry stops retroactive fee reconciliation: chaos in reimbursement of emergency service is complete].
2224.- Chaos-chaos transition of left hemisphere EEGs during standard tasks of Waterloo-Stanford Group Scale of hypnotic susceptibility.
2225.- Chaos and band structure in a three-dimensional optical lattice.
2226.- Deterministic convergence of chaos injection-based gradient method for training feedforward neural networks.
2227.- Photonic generation of polarization-resolved wideband chaos with time-delay concealment in three-cascaded vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers.
2228.- Revisiting Chaos Theorem to Understand the Nature of miRNAs in Response to Drugs of Abuse.
2229.- Nonlinearity and chaos in ecological dynamics revisited.
2230.- Onset of chaos in a single-phase power electronic inverter.
2231.- Species fluctuations sustained by a cyclic succession at the edge of chaos.
2232.- A high performance prediction of HPV genotypes by Chaos game representation and singular value decomposition.
2233.- From determinism and probability to chaos: chaotic evolution towards philosophy and methodology of chaotic optimization.
2234.- Chaos time series prediction based on membrane optimization algorithms.
2235.- Asymmetric dwell-time statistics of polarization chaos from free-running VCSEL.
2236.- Reply to "Comment on 'Exploring chaos in the Dicke model using ground-state fidelity and Loschmidt echo' ".
2237.- Comment on "Exploring chaos in the Dicke model using ground-state fidelity and Loschmidt echo".
2238.- Signatures of chaos in the dynamics of quantum discord.
2239.- Chaos in kicked ratchets.
2240.- Attack Rate in Food Poisoning: Order in Chaos.
2241.- [The hidden order in chaos: another interpretation on meridian].
2242.- Children's looking preference for biological motion may be related to an affinity for mathematical chaos.
2243.- Early Exposure to Environmental Chaos and Children's Physical and Mental Health.
2244.- Optical chaos and hybrid WDM/TDM based large capacity quasi-distributed sensing network with real-time fiber fault monitoring.
2245.- Chaos time delay signature suppression and bandwidth enhancement by electrical heterodyning.
2246.- Tb/s physical random bit generation with bandwidth-enhanced chaos in three-cascaded semiconductor lasers.
2247.- Family CHAOS is associated with glycaemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
2248.- Commentary on Structured chaos shapes spike-response noise entropy in balanced neural networks, by Lajoie, Thivierge, and Shea-Brown.
2249.- Perioperative fluid management: science, art or random chaos?
2250.- Autophagy in polyglutamine disease: Imposing order on disorder or contributing to the chaos?
2251.- Transition to chaos in random networks with cell-type-specific connectivity.
2252.- Characterization of the chaos-hyperchaos transition based on return times.
2253.- Prenatal diagnosis of congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS). Five case report.
2254.- Simultaneous multichannel signal transfers via chaos in a recurrent neural network.
2255.- Subharmonic generation, chaos, and subharmonic resurrection in an acoustically driven fluid-filled cavity.
2256.- Chaos in an imperfectly premixed model combustor.
2257.- Household chaos, sociodemographic risk, coparenting, and parent-infant relations during infants' first year.
2258.- Pioneering through chaos.
2259.- Controlling chaos using a system of harmonic oscillators.
2260.- Relaxation of isolated quantum systems beyond chaos.
2261.- In silico-derived bedside formula for individualized micafungin dosing for obese patients in the age of deterministic chaos.
2262.- Jean--an illness story: the quest to address the advance of chaos.
2263.- Chaos controlled: discovery of a powerful amyloid inhibitor.
2264.- Delay induced stability switch, multitype bistability and chaos in an intraguild predation model.
2265.- Botryoid odontogenic cyst: a diagnostic chaos.
2266.- Chaos to complexity: leveling the playing field for measuring value in primary care.
2267.- Glucococorticoid-induced death of pancreatic Beta cells: an organized chaos.
2268.- Route to chaos in optomechanics.
2269.- Chaos, change, and disruption in higher education: are we ready to respond?
2270.- Chaos at work?
2271.- Order in the chaos: the secret of the large negative entropy of dissolving 1-alkyl-3-methylimidazolium chloride in trihexyltetradecylphosphonium chloride.
2272.- Polynomial Chaos decomposition applied to stochastic dosimetry: study of the influence of the magnetic field orientation on the pregnant woman exposure at 50 Hz.
2273.- Alternative splicing can lead to chaos.
2274.- Extension of spatiotemporal chaos in glow discharge-semiconductor systems.
2275.- Synchronizing spatio-temporal chaos with imperfect models: a stochastic surface growth picture.
2276.- Does chaos assist localization or delocalization?
2277.- Noise tolerant spatiotemporal chaos computing.
2278.- Experimental synchronization of chaos in a large ring of mutually coupled single-transistor oscillators: phase, amplitude, and clustering effects.
2279.- Ecological restoration in a cultural landscape: conservationist and Chagossian approaches to controlling the 'coconut chaos' on the Chagos Archipelago.
2280.- Lambda and the edge of chaos in recurrent neural networks.
2281.- [Induced abortion--clinical problems, regulatory gaps, chaos. How much longer?].
2282.- Chaos to randomness: distinguishing between healthy and non-healthy lung sound behaviour.
2283.- Liquid computing on and off the edge of chaos with a striatal microcircuit.
2284.- Planck's quantum-driven integer quantum Hall effect in chaos.
2285.- Chaos in balance: non-linear measures of postural control predict individual variations in visual illusions of motion.
2286.- Organized chaos in Kupffer's vesicle: how a heterogeneous structure achieves consistent left-right patterning.
2287.- Delay-range-dependent chaos synchronization approach under varying time-lags and delayed nonlinear coupling.
2288.- Finding Order in Chaos: A Review of Hospital Ratings.
2289.- Applicability of the polynomial chaos expansion method for personalization of a cardiovascular pulse wave propagation model.
2290.- [Spiral chaos, ventricular fibrillation and defibrillation: simulation study toward painless defibrillation].
2291.- Fast phase response and chaos bandwidth enhancement in semiconductor lasers subject to optical feedback and injection.
2292.- Chaos analysis of EEG during isoflurane-induced loss of righting in rats.
2293.- Ebola crisis--communication chaos we can avoid.
2294.- Nearest-neighbor-spacing distribution of prime numbers and quantum chaos.
2295.- Kinetic theory of nonlinear diffusion in a weakly disordered nonlinear Schrödinger chain in the regime of homogeneous chaos.
2296.- Rhythmic manipulation of objects with complex dynamics: predictability over chaos.
2297.- The mediating role of parenting in the associations between household chaos and children's representations of family dysfunction.
2298.- Ruling could yield chaos.
2299.- Creative cognition and systems biology on the edge of chaos.
2300.- Structured chaos shapes spike-response noise entropy in balanced neural networks.
2301.- Time-delay signature of chaos in 1550 nm VCSELs with variable-polarization FBG feedback.
2302.- Cesarean section plus delayed cord clamping approach in the perinatal management of congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS): a case report.
2303.- Vesicle dynamics in a confined Poiseuille flow: from steady state to chaos.
2304.- Different types of chimera states: an interplay between spatial and dynamical chaos.
2305.- Intrinsic noise and two-dimensional maps: quasicycles, quasiperiodicity, and chaos.
2306.- Controlling chaos faster.
2307.- Structured chaos in a devil's staircase of the Josephson junction.
2308.- Bifurcation and chaos in the simple passive dynamic walking model with upper body.
2309.- Stability, bifurcation and chaos analysis of vector-borne disease model with application to Rift Valley fever.
2310.- Distinguishing noise from chaos: objective versus subjective criteria using horizontal visibility graph.
2311.- Chaos enhanced differential evolution in the task of evolutionary control of selected set of discrete chaotic systems.
2312.- Chaos driven by interfering memory.
2313.- Exploring chaos in the Dicke model using ground-state fidelity and Loschmidt echo.
2314.- Signatures of chaos in time series generated by many-spin systems at high temperatures.
2315.- Asymptotic observability of low-dimensional powder chaos in a three-degrees-of-freedom scattering system.
2316.- Poverty, household chaos, and interparental aggression predict children's ability to recognize and modulate negative emotions.
2317.- Wavelet analysis of frequency chaos game signal: a time-frequency signature of the 
2318.- Cancer care commissioning is in chaos since NHS reorganisation, says leading charity.
2319.- Scaling of chaos versus periodicity: how certain is it that an attractor is chaotic?
2320.- A novel chaotic map and an improved chaos-based image encryption scheme.
2321.- Morning surge of ventricular arrhythmias in a new arrhythmogenic canine model of chronic heart failure is associated with attenuation of time-of-day dependence of heart rate and autonomic adaptation, and reduced cardiac chaos.
2322.- Mutation and chaos in nonlinear models of heredity.
2323.- Symbolic dynamics-based error analysis on chaos synchronization via noisy channels.
2324.- Socioeconomic Adversity and Women's Sleep: Stress and Chaos as Mediators.
2325.- Life chaos and intrinsic motivation.
2326.- Large-scale chaos and fluctuations in active nematics.
2327.- Frequency comb formation and transition to chaos in microresonators with near-zero dispersion.
2328.- Rigidity, chaos and integration: hemispheric interaction and individual differences in metaphor comprehension.
2329.- Butterfly and renal cell cancer: out of chaos comes order.
2330.- α-Fetoprotein and hepatocellular cancer recurrence: a paradigm of the chaos theory.
2331.- Spiral defect chaos in an advection-reaction-diffusion system.
2332.- Astronomy: Planets in chaos.
2333.- Is case-chaos methodology an appropriate alternative to conventional case-control studies for investigating outbreaks?
2334.- McCarthy et al. respond to "evaluating case-chaos for outbreaks investigations".
2335.- Detecting chaos in particle accelerators through the frequency map analysis method.
2336.- Scaling of chaos in strongly nonlinear lattices.
2337.- Preface to the Focus Issue: chaos detection methods and predictability.
2338.- The deterministic chaos and random noise in turbulent jet.
2339.- Control of collective network chaos.
2340.- Poincaré recurrence statistics as an indicator of chaos synchronization.
2341.- Family chaos and adolescent inflammatory profiles: the moderating role of socioeconomic status.
2342.- Anticontrol of Hopf bifurcation and control of chaos for a finance system through washout filters with time delay.
2343.- Applied mathematics: how chaos forgets and remembers.
2344.- Fast physical random bit generation with photonic integrated circuits with different external cavity lengths for chaos generation.
2345.- Chaos-order transition in foraging behavior of ants.
2346.- Learning from myocarditis: mimicry, chaos and black holes.
2347.- Predictable chaos: a review of the effects of emotions on attention, memory and decision making.
2348.- Invoking the muse: Dada's chaos.
2349.- Chaos and commotion in the wake of cortical spreading depression and spreading depolarizations.
2350.- Sine systemate chaos? A versatile tool for earthworm taxonomy: non-destructive imaging of freshly fixed and museum specimens using micro-computed tomography.
2351.- Pathological unfoldomics of uncontrolled chaos: intrinsically disordered proteins and human diseases.
2352.- Order and chaos in the rotation and revolution of two massive line segments.
2353.- Overfrustrated and underfrustrated spin glasses in d=3 and 2: evolution of phase diagrams and chaos including spin-glass order in d=2.
2354.- Sailing From the Seas of Chaos Into the Corridor of Stability: Practical Recommendations to Increase the Informational Value of Studies.
2355.- Understanding Parental Experiences Through Their Narratives of Restitution, Chaos, and Quest: Improving Care for Families Experiencing Childhood Cancer.
2356.- Multiple chaos synchronization system for power quality classification in a power system.
2357.- Chaos based encryption system for encrypting electroencephalogram signals.
2358.- Temperature chaos and quenched heterogeneities.
2359.- Heterogeneity in tissue oxygenation: from physiological variability in normal tissues to pathophysiological chaos in malignant tumours.
2360.- Telemedicine for disaster management: can it transform chaos into an organized, structured care from the distance?
2361.- Subterahertz chaos generation by coupling a superlattice to a linear resonator.
2362.- Signature candidate of quantum chaos far from the semiclassical regime.
2363.- Transient spatiotemporal chaos in the Morris-Lecar neuronal ring network.
2364.- Routes to spatiotemporal chaos in Kerr optical frequency combs.
2365.- Quantum chaos in ultracold collisions of gas-phase erbium atoms.
2366.- Low-temperature physics: Chaos in the cold.
2367.- Chaos and robustness in a single family of genetic oscillatory networks.
2368.- Not everyone is ignoring social chaos.
2369.- Cardiac chaos.
2370.- An elegant chaos.
2371.- Quantum biology on the edge of quantum chaos.
2372.- Controlling unstable chaos: stabilizing chimera states by feedback.
2373.- Quantum chaos in an ultrastrongly coupled bosonic junction.
2374.- Application of the polynomial chaos expansion to approximate the homogenised response of the intervertebral disc.
2375.- Congenital High Airway Obstruction Syndrome (CHAOS) as part of Fraser syndrome: ultrasound and autopsy findings.
2376.- Anarchic centromeres: deciphering order from apparent chaos.
2377.- A critical commentary on Derek Morgan's unpublished manuscript: 'coming Back to Life: The Normal Chaos of Medical Law' and how to deal with property in human cells.
2378.- The chaos prevails: molecular phylogeny of the Haptoria (Ciliophora, Litostomatea).
2379.- Chaos-assisted tunneling in a deformed microcavity laser.
2380.- Re: "The 'case-chaos study' L adjunct or alternative to conventional case-control study methodology". The authors reply.
2381.- Information gain in tomography--a quantum signature of chaos.
2382.- Quasiperiodic graphs at the onset of chaos.
2383.- Onset of irreversibility and chaos in amorphous solids under periodic shear.
2384.- Chaos-based color pathological image encryption scheme using one-time keys.
2385.- Refined rademacher chaos complexity bounds with applications to the multikernel learning problem.
2386.- Nonlinear dynamics analysis of a self-organizing recurrent neural network: chaos waning.
2387.- Chaos and unpredictability in evolution.
2388.- Heading off Jan. 1 ACA chaos.
2389.- Assessment of the "case-chaos" design as an adjunct to the case-control design.
2390.- Limited and time-delayed internal resource allocation generates oscillations and chaos in the dynamics of citrus crops.
2391.- Magnetic field induced dynamical chaos.
2392.- Takagi-Sugeno fuzzy modeling and chaos control of partial differential systems.
2393.- Operon prediction using chaos embedded particle swarm optimization.
2394.- Towards a consistent definition of a significant delta troponin with z-scores: a way out of chaos?
2395.- An Algebraic Derivation of Chao's Estimator of the Number of Species in a Community Highlights the Condition Allowing Chao to Deliver Centered Estimates.
2396.- Temporal epilepsy seizures monitoring and prediction using cross-correlation and chaos theory.
2397.- Secular chaos and its application to Mercury, hot Jupiters, and the organization of planetary systems.
2398.- Chaos in the clinic! It’s Lean management to the rescue for a clinical environment about to combust.
2399.- Household chaos moderates the link between maternal attribution bias and parenting: Parenting: Science and Practice.
2400.- Quantum chaos for point scatterers on flat tori.
2401.- Biological experimental observations of an unnoticed chaos as simulated by the Hindmarsh-Rose model.
2402.- Quasiperiodicity route to spatiotemporal chaos in one-dimensional pattern-forming systems.
2403.- Edge of chaos and genesis of turbulence.
2404.- Effect of correction of aberration dynamics on chaos in human ocular accommodation.
2405.- Coupled lasers: phase versus chaos synchronization.
2406.- Genome chaos: survival strategy during crisis.
2407.- [Nobel Prize for cell biologists. An intricate sophisticated system against chaos inside the cell].
2408.- Orders out of chaos--molecular phylogenetics reveals the complexity of shark and stingray tapeworm relationships.
2409.- Doubly transient chaos: generic form of chaos in autonomous dissipative systems.
2410.- Controlled chaos: three-dimensional kinematics, fiber histochemistry, and muscle contractile dynamics of autotomized lizard tails.
2411.- Global interactions, information flow, and chaos synchronization.
2412.- Association between perceived life chaos and medication adherence in a postmyocardial infarction population.
2413.- Psychological distress and medication adherence: creating order out of chaos?
2414.- Finding calm amid the chaos: when it’s not the patient who needs a wellness check, but the veterinarian.
2415.- COPD self-management supportive care: chaos and complexity theory.
2416.- A generalization of Chao's estimator for covariate information.
2417.- Spatial chaos and complexity in the intracellular space of cancer and normal cells.
2418.- Reframing chaos.
2419.- Slow stochastic switching by collective chaos of fast elements.
2420.- Re: "The 'case-chaos study' L adjunct or alternative to conventional case-control study methodology".
2421.- Direct generation of broadband chaos by a monolithic integrated semiconductor laser chip.
2422.- Chaos and noise.
2423.- A period-doubling cascade precedes chaos for planar maps.
2424.- Detecting chaos in irregularly sampled time series.
2425.- Exactly solvable chaos in an electromechanical oscillator.
2426.- Subharmonics and chaos generation in all-fiber phase modulator: experimental and theoretical analyses with simulation.
2427.- Simultaneous and precise fault locating in WDM-PON by the generation of optical wideband chaos.
2428.- Conducting in chaos.
2429.- Sustainability at the edge of chaos: its limits and possibilities in public health.
2430.- Individual-based chaos: extensions of the discrete logistic model.
2431.- Quantum chaos in SU(3) models with trapped ions.
2432.- Transition to chaos of natural convection between two infinite differentially heated vertical plates.
2433.- Bistability and chaos at low levels of quanta.
2434.- Chaos and ergodicity of two hard disks within a circular billiard.
2435.- Memristor, Hodgkin-Huxley, and edge of chaos.
2436.- Development of a Very Brief Measure of ADHD: The CHAOS Scale.
2437.- Nonequilibrium chaos of disordered nonlinear waves.
2438.- The relationship between hemoglobin A1C in youth with type 1 diabetes and chaos in the family household.
2439.- Chaos in networks with time-delayed couplings.
2440.- Strong and weak chaos in networks of semiconductor lasers with time-delayed couplings.
2441.- Fetal laryngoscopy to evaluate vocal folds in a fetus with congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS).
2442.- Experimental study of time-delay signature of chaos in mutually coupled vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers subject to polarization optical injection.
2443.- Prediction of preschool aggression from DRD4 risk, parental ADHD symptoms, and home chaos.
2444.- Nonlinearly-enhanced energy transport in many dimensional quantum chaos.
2445.- Foraging at the edge of chaos: internal clock versus external forcing.
2446.- Measuring dynamical randomness of quantum chaos by statistics of Schmidt eigenvalues.
2447.- Universal scaling of Lyapunov-exponent fluctuations in space-time chaos.
2448.- Decoherence, relaxation, and chaos in a kicked-spin ensemble.
2449.- Onset of quantum chaos in molecular systems and the zeros of the Husimi function.
2450.- Inducing chaos in a gene regulatory network by coupling an oscillating dynamics with a hysteresis-type one.
2451.- Reframing chaos--a qualitative study of GPs managing patients with medically unexplained symptoms.
2452.- Acoustic detection and ranging using solvable chaos.
2453.- Four dimensional chaos and intermittency in a mesoscopic model of the electroencephalogram.
2454.- Effective suppressibility of chaos.
2455.- Dominant frequency and complex fractionated atrial electrogram ablation in atrial fibrillation: regularizing chaos.
2456.- Influence of system size on spatiotemporal dynamics of a model for plastic instability: projecting low-dimensional and extensive chaos.
2457.- Chaos and reliability in balanced spiking networks with temporal drive.
2458.- Irreversibility and chaos: role of lubrication interactions in sheared suspensions.
2459.- An Efficient Interval Type-2 Fuzzy CMAC for Chaos Time-Series Prediction and Synchronization.
2460.- Maternal self-regulation, relationship adjustment, and home chaos: contributions to infant negative emotionality.
2461.- The challenges of carbapenemase-producing Enterobacteriaceae and infection prevention: protecting patients in the chaos.
2462.- Competency in chaos: lifesaving performance of care providers utilizing a competency-based, multi-actor emergency preparedness training curriculum.
2463.- What's in your supply closet? Cures for chaos.
2464.- Aneuploidy and chromosomal instability: a vicious cycle driving cellular evolution and cancer genome chaos.
2465.- Robust timing and motor patterns by taming chaos in recurrent neural networks.
2466.- Changing our lens: seeing the chaos of professional practice as complexity.
2467.- Generalised polynomial chaos-based uncertainty quantification for planning MRgLITT procedures.
2468.- That which makes your life easier can also cause chaos.
2469.- Is attention deficit hyperactivity disorder a kind of intermittent chaos?
2470.- Wireless communication with chaos.
2471.- Chaos pass filter: linear response of synchronized chaotic systems.
2472.- Chaos on the conveyor belt.
2473.- Hyperbolic chaos of standing wave patterns generated parametrically by a modulated pump source.
2474.- Exploring information chaos in community pharmacy handoffs.
2475.- Caring for children who die unexpectedly: patterns that emerge out of chaos.
2476.- Bringing a little order to the chaos: from the operating room, and beyond.
2477.- Improving patient safety within the context of everyday chaos and complexity.
2478.- Re: "The 'case-chaos study' as an adjunct or alternative to conventional case-control study methodology".
2479.- Chaos to hope: a narrative of healing.
2480.- Effectiveness of the Chaos Falls Clinic in preventing falls and injuries of home-dwelling older adults: a randomised controlled trial.
2481.- Limited imitation contagion on random networks: chaos, universality, and unpredictability.
2482.- Generation of wideband chaos with suppressed time-delay signature by delayed self-interference.
2483.- Dynamic noise, chaos and parameter estimation in population biology.
2484.- Harnessing quantum transport by transient chaos.
2485.- Chaos M-ary modulation and demodulation method based on Hamilton oscillator and its application in communication.
2486.- Ray chaos in an architectural acoustic semi-stadium system.
2487.- Chaos synchronization in fractional differential systems.
2488.- Chaos as a social determinant of child health: Reciprocal associations?
2489.- [The strategy of chaos].
2490.- Model for shock wave chaos.
2491.- Order out of chaos.
2492.- Is chaos good for learning?
2493.- Nurses' impact on the hospital environment: lessening or contributing to the chaos?
2494.- Noise, synchrony, and correlations at the edge of chaos.
2495.- Chaotic operation and chaos control of travelling wave ultrasonic motor.
2496.- Simulation of stochastic quantum systems using polynomial chaos expansions.
2497.- Teaching physicians to care amid chaos.
2498.- Between rigidity and chaos: worldviews of partners experiencing intimate partner violence.
2499.- Synchronization of chaos in fully developed turbulence.
2500.- Hybrid chaos-based communication system consisting of three chaotic semiconductor ring lasers.
2501.- From fixed points to chaos: three models of delayed discrimination.
2502.- On the chaos in gene networks.
2503.- Wave chaos in a randomly inhomogeneous waveguide: spectral analysis of the finite-range evolution operator.
2504.- Coherence dynamics of kicked Bose-Hubbard dimers: interferometric signatures of chaos.
2505.- A review of human factors challenges of complex adaptive systems: discovering and understanding chaos in human performance.
2506.- Suppression of chaos in integrated twin DFB lasers for millimeter-wave generation.
2507.- Correspondence of chaos in binocular aberration dynamics.
2508.- Dynamics of period-doubling bifurcation to chaos in the spontaneous neural firing patterns.
2509.- Failure of the α factor in describing dynamical instabilities and chaos in quantum-dot lasers.
2510.- External mirroring of inner chaos: blogging as experienced by the relatives of people with cancer.
2511.- Sustained and transient oscillations and chaos induced by delayed antiviral immune response in an immunosuppressive infection model.
2512.- Chaos in neurons and its application: perspective of chaos engineering.
2513.- Periodic orbits near onset of chaos in plane Couette flow.
2514.- Controlling practical stability and safety of mechanical systems by exploiting chaos properties.
2515.- Introduction to the focus issue: fifty years of chaos: applied and theoretical.
2516.- Improvement and empirical research on chaos control by theory of "chaos + chaos = order".
2517.- Topological chaos, braiding and bifurcation of almost-cyclic sets.
2518.- Dynamical topology and statistical properties of spatiotemporal chaos.
2519.- Price game and chaos control among three oligarchs with different rationalities in property insurance market.
2520.- Predicting chaos in memristive oscillator via harmonic balance method.
2521.- Ultra-high-frequency piecewise-linear chaos using delayed feedback loops.
2522.- Controlling chaos: the perceptions of long-term crack cocaine users in vancouver, british columbia, Canada.
2523.- From Structural Chaos to a Model of Consumer Support: Understanding the Roles of Structure and Agency in Mental Health Recovery for the Formerly Homeless.
2524.- From chaos to selective ordering of vortex cores in interacting mesomagnets.
2525.- Chaos and satisfaction: a glimpse at senior nursing.
2526.- Descent into quiet chaos: the story of Mr. F.
2527.- Chaos theory and suicide.
2528.- Theory of chaos regularization of tunneling in chaotic quantum dots.
2529.- When is high-dimensional scattering chaos essentially two dimensional? Measuring the product structure of singularities.
2530.- Projecting low-dimensional chaos from spatiotemporal dynamics in a model for plastic instability.
2531.- Spectral element method and the delayed feedback control of chaos.
2532.- Polynomial search and global modeling: Two algorithms for modeling chaos.
2533.- Impact of chaos and Brownian diffusion on irreversibility in Stokes flows.
2534.- [Analysis of the heart sound with arrhythmia based on nonlinear chaos theory].
2535.- Electro-optic phase chaos systems with an internal variable and a digital key.
2536.- Chromo Me Thriptic-chaos amongst the chromosomes!
2537.- Experimental observation of quantum chaos in a beam of light.
2538.- Congenital high airway obstruction sequence (CHAOS): a new case and a review of phenotypic features.
2539.- Structure out of chaos: functional brain network analysis with EEG, MEG, and functional MRI.
2540.- Chaos of Wolbachia sequences inside the compact fig syconia of Ficus benjamina (Ficus: moraceae).
2541.- Order from chaos in the nucleus.
2542.- From chaos to split-ups--SHG microscopy reveals a specific remodelling mechanism in ageing dystrophic muscle.
2543.- Chaos in Western Medicine: how issues of social-professional status are undermining our health.
2544.- Science and the law. Convictions leave Italy's civil protection in chaos.
2545.- Secure passive optical network based on chaos synchronization.
2546.- Chaos in the cockpit: a medical correlative.
2547.- How to chart a course for survival. Experts reveal ways EMS can survive the current and coming chaos.
2548.- Marjo van der Knaap: searching for patterns in the chaos.
2549.- The chaos within Sudoku.
2550.- Chaos, Poverty, and Parenting: Predictors of Early Language Development.
2551.- Chaos: without a conservation ethic for water.
2552.- Creating order from chaos: cellular regulation by kinase anchoring.
2553.- Order from chaos: single cell reprogramming in two phases.
2554.- Simulation of stochastic systems via polynomial chaos expansions and convex optimization.
2555.- Manifold learning approach for chaos in the dripping faucet.
2556.- Local nature and scaling of chaos in weakly nonlinear disordered chains.
2557.- Comment on "Generalized projective synchronization in time-delayed systems: nonlinear observer approach" [Chaos 19, 013102 (2009); 20, 029902 (2010)].
2558.- A pseudo-matched filter for chaos.
2559.- Transition from order to chaos, and density limit, in magnetized plasmas.
2560.- Different routes from a matter wavepacket to spatiotemporal chaos.
2561.- Semiconductor lasers driven by self-sustained chaotic electronic oscillators and applications to optical chaos cryptography.
2562.- Cancer. Immune surveillance from chromosomal chaos?
2563.- Perturbations and chaos in quantum maps.
2564.- Nonlinear effects on Turing patterns: time oscillations and chaos.
2565.- Controlling chaos in wave-particle interactions.
2566.- Pulsed chaos synchronization in networks with adaptive couplings.
2567.- Origin of Lorentzian pulses in deterministic chaos.
2568.- Delayed double ionization as a signature of Hamiltonian chaos.
2569.- Semiclassical approach to long time propagation in quantum chaos: predicting scars.
2570.- Hyperbolic chaos of Turing patterns.
2571.- [Is your hypertensive patient an abdominal, stress or chaos type?].
2572.- Firing patterns in a conductance-based neuron model: bifurcation, phase diagram, and chaos.
2573.- Manage workplace chaos by building your resilience.
2574.- Spatiotemporal chaos in Easter Island ecology.
2575.- Bluetooth based chaos synchronization using particle swarm optimization and its applications to image encryption.
2576.- Ordering the chaos for patients with multimorbidity.
2577.- Uncertainty quantification in simulations of epidemics using polynomial chaos.
2578.- Specifying the Links Between Household Chaos and Preschool Children's Development.
2579.- Electric fields yield chaos in microflows.
2580.- Class, chaos, and the construction of community.
2581.- The "case-chaos study" as an adjunct or alternative to conventional case-control study methodology.
2582.- [Radiotherapy and chaos theory: the tit bird and the butterfly...].
2583.- Externalizing problems, attention regulation, and household chaos: a longitudinal behavioral genetic study.
2584.- Dermatoscopy in routine practice - 'chaos and clues'.
2585.- Resonances within chaos.
2586.- Chaos in the square billiard with a modified reflection law.
2587.- Route to chaos for combustion instability in ducted laminar premixed flames.
2588.- "Quorum sensing" generated multistability and chaos in a synthetic genetic oscillator.
2589.- Transitions, decisions, and regret: order in chaos after a cancer diagnosis.
2590.- Quantifying spatiotemporal chaos in Rayleigh-Bénard convection.
2591.- Energy transfer dynamics and thermalization of two oscillators interacting via chaos.
2592.- Inducing phase-locking and chaos in cellular oscillators by modulating the driving stimuli.
2593.- Random bit generation using an optically injected semiconductor laser in chaos with oversampling.
2594.- Mean-field description and propagation of chaos in networks of Hodgkin-Huxley and FitzHugh-Nagumo neurons.
2595.- Remembering the Chaos - But Life Went on and the Wound Healed. A Four Year Follow Up with Parents having had a Baby with Infantile Colic.
2596.- SU-F-BRCD-08: Uncertainty Quantification by Generalized Polynomial Chaos for MR-Guided Laser Induced Thermal Therapy.
2597.- Chaos in a seasonally perturbed SIR model: avian influenza in a seabird colony as a paradigm.
2598.- Menstruation, perimenopause, and chaos theory.
2599.- Time for order in chaos! A health system framework for foreign medical teams in earthquakes.
2600.- Bistability and chaos in the Taylor-Green dynamo.
2601.- Reflection-antisymmetric spatiotemporal chaos under field-translational invariance.
2602.- Onset of chaos and relaxation in isolated systems of interacting spins: energy shell approach.
2603.- Required criteria for recognizing new types of chaos: application to the "cord" attractor.
2604.- Chaos in ocular aberration dynamics of the human eye.
2605.- Socioeconomic risk moderates the link between household chaos and maternal executive function.
2606.- Pattern matching through Chaos Game Representation: bridging numerical and discrete data structures for biological sequence analysis.
2607.- Embracing chaos: the scope and importance of clinical and pathological heterogeneity in mTBI.
2608.- LDL-cholesterol versus HDL-cholesterol in the atherosclerotic plaque: inflammatory resolution versus thrombotic chaos.
2609.- What is a clinical skill? Searching for order in chaos through a modified Delphi process.
2610.- Molecular signatures from omics data: from chaos to consensus.
2611.- Predicting protein solubility by the general form of Chou's pseudo amino acid composition: approached from chaos game representation and fractal dimension.
2612.- Troubled lives: chaos and trauma in the accounts of young people considered 'at risk' of diagnosis of personality disorder.
2613.- 'Chaos, restitution and quest': one woman's journey through menopause.
2614.- CHAOS in the mirror: Ballantyne (mirror) syndrome related to congenital high upper airway obstruction syndrome.
2615.- [From chaos to order with programs against obesity].
2616.- Chaos and statistical relaxation in quantum systems of interacting particles.
2617.- A heuristic method for identifying chaos from frequency content.
2618.- Spatiotemporal chaos in the dynamics of buoyantly and diffusively unstable chemical fronts.
2619.- Neural networks and chaos: construction, evaluation of chaotic networks, and prediction of chaos with multilayer feedforward networks.
2620.- Stabilization of chaos systems described by nonlinear fractional-order polytopic differential inclusion.
2621.- Geometric and dynamic perspectives on phase-coherent and noncoherent chaos.
2622.- [Chaos, complexity and cardiology].
2623.- Metastasis: understanding is the beginning of order in chaos.
2624.- Direct generation of all-optical random numbers from optical pulse amplitude chaos.
2625.- [Suppression of spiral waves and spatiotemporal chaos in cardiac tissue by elevating potassium ion concentration].
2626.- [Chaos theory: a fascinating concept for oncologists].
2627.- Three-wave interactions and spatiotemporal chaos.
2628.- Quantum chaos and effective thermalization.
2629.- Infinite invariant density determines statistics of time averages for weak chaos.
2630.- Fast numerical test of hyperbolic chaos.
2631.- Nonlinear dynamics and chaos in fractional-order neural networks.
2632.- The prognostic value of heart rate variability in the elderly, changing the perspective: from sympathovagal balance to chaos theory.
2633.- A chaos-based digital image encryption scheme with an improved diffusion strategy.
2634.- The recognition of chaos in host-pathogen response.
2635.- Chaos in the Hamiltonian mean-field model.
2636.- Cells diversify transmembrane signaling through the controlled chaos of protein disorder.
2637.- Order out of chaos: elucidating the opposing effects of air pollutants and heat on blood pressure.
2638.- Nevus/melanocytoma/melanoma? Nosologic chaos.
2639.- Spatiotemporal chaos arising from standing waves in a reaction-diffusion system with cross-diffusion.
2640.- Evolution of time delay signature of chaos generated in a mutually delay-coupled semiconductor lasers system.
2641.- An exactly solvable model for the integrability-chaos transition in rough quantum billiards.
2642.- Non-random spatial coupling induces desynchronization, chaos and multistability in a predator-prey-resource system.
2643.- Subwavelength position sensing using nonlinear feedback and wave chaos.
2644.- Chaos in symmetric phase oscillator networks.
2645.- Chaos theory and a career in medicine.
2646.- Comment on "Sil'nikov chaos of the Liu system" [Chaos 18, 013113 (2008)].
2647.- Unstable periodic orbits and noise in chaos computing.
2648.- Melnikov's criteria, parametric control of chaos, and stationary chaos occurrence in systems with asymmetric potential subjected to multiscale type excitation.
2649.- Turing instabilities and spatio-temporal chaos in ratio-dependent Holling-Tanner model.
2650.- Cognitive aspects of chaos in random networks.
2651.- Strong and weak chaos in nonlinear networks with time-delayed couplings.
2652.- Sudden change from chaos to oscillation death in the Bonhoeffer-van der Pol oscillator under weak periodic perturbation.
2653.- Beyond the edge of chaos: amplification and temporal integration by recurrent networks in the chaotic regime.
2654.- Exploring spiral defect chaos in generalized Swift-Hohenberg models with mean flow.
2655.- From conformational chaos to robust regulation: the structure and function of the multi-enzyme RNA degradosome.
2656.- Rewiring-induced chaos in pulse-coupled neural networks.
2657.- Invertebrate evolution: bringing order to the molluscan chaos.
2658.- Information processing in echo state networks at the edge of chaos.
2659.- Public health experts predict NHS reforms could lead to "chaos".
2660.- Influenza immunization data: can we make order out of chaos?
2661.- Bidirectional chaos communication between two outer semiconductor lasers coupled mutually with a central semiconductor laser.
2662.- Generality of deterministic chaos, exponential spectra, and Lorentzian pulses in magnetically confined plasmas.
2663.- Adaptive behaviour, tri-trophic food-web stability and damping of chaos.
2664.- Active formation of 'chaos terrain' over shallow subsurface water on Europa.
2665.- Information chaos in primary care: implications for physician performance and patient safety.
2666.- Change, lack of change, and creating optimal change out of chaos.
2667.- Relationship-Specific Investments, Family Chaos, and Cohabitation Dissolution Following a Non-marital Birth.
2668.- The hydra effect, bubbles, and chaos in a simple discrete population model with constant effort harvesting.
2669.- Chaos computing in terms of periodic orbits.
2670.- Education at the edge of chaos.
2671.- Extensive and subextensive chaos in globally coupled dynamical systems.
2672.- Large-deviation approach to space-time chaos.
2673.- Synchronous chaos and broad band gamma rhythm in a minimal multi-layer model of primary visual cortex.
2674.- Chaos theory of tolerance of uncertainty.
2675.- Structures of chaos in open reaction systems.
2676.- Measurement-induced chaos with entangled states.
2677.- Structural perturbations to population skeletons: transient dynamics, coexistence of attractors and the rarity of chaos.
2678.- Generating macroscopic chaos in a network of globally coupled phase oscillators.
2679.- Transient chaos in optical metamaterials.
2680.- Tailoring wave chaos in vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers via polarization control.
2681.- Code blue: chaos or control, an educational initiative.
2682.- Global health--from chaos to coherence.
2683.- Recognition of stimulus-evoked neuronal optical response by identifying chaos levels of near-infrared spectroscopy time series.
2684.- Chaos in easter island ecology.
2685.- Chaos and uncertainty: the post-caregiving transition.
2686.- Facilitating joint chaos and fractal analysis of biosignals through nonlinear adaptive filtering.
2687.- Feigenbaum graphs: a complex network perspective of chaos.
2688.- Impact of unpredictability on chaos synchronization of vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers with variable-polarization optical feedback.
2689.- Quantum chaos in one dimension?
2690.- Isochronal chaos synchronization of delay-coupled optoelectronic oscillators.
2691.- Homoclinic orbits and chaos in a pair of parametrically driven coupled nonlinear resonators.
2692.- Nonlinear waves in disordered chains: probing the limits of chaos and spreading.
2693.- From chaos to quality care: selections from an interview with Dr. Jack Kitts. Interview by Brian Golden.
2694.- Chaos and unpredictability in evolutionary dynamics in discrete time.
2695.- Digital key for chaos communication performing time delay concealment.
2696.- Mechanistic insight from chaos: how RecA mediates DNA strand exchange.
2697.- Entropy increases in kidney cancer treatment, but a bit of simplicity may emerge from chaos.
2698.- Wideband chaos generation using a delayed oscillator and a two-dimensional nonlinearity induced by a quadrature phase-shift-keying electro-optic modulator.
2699.- Commissioning. Chaos threatens the NHS empire but GP senates can bring order.
2700.- "Weak quantum chaos" and its resistor network modeling.
2701.- Weak-chaos ratchet accelerator.
2702.- Chaos regularization of quantum tunneling rates.
2703.- Predicting thermophilic proteins with pseudo amino acid composition:approached from chaos game representation and principal component analysis.
2704.- [Nonlinear population dynamics: complication in the age structure influences transition-to-chaos scenarios].
2705.- Is the recession also wreaking chaos in health?
2706.- Does the potential for chaos constrain the embryonic cell-cycle oscillator?
2707.- Loss of coherence in dynamical networks: spatial chaos and chimera states.
2708.- Fisher information at the edge of chaos in random Boolean networks.
2709.- Intrinsic stickiness and chaos in open integrable billiards: tiny border effects.
2710.- Comment on "Long time evolution of phase oscillator systems" [Chaos 19, 023117 (2009)].
2711.- Oscillons: an encounter with dynamical chaos in 1953?
2712.- Using the concept of pseudo amino acid composition to predict resistance gene against Xanthomonas oryzae pv. oryzae in rice: an approach from chaos games representation.
2713.- Effects of creating order from chaos.
2714.- A journey into chaos: creativity and the unconscious.
2715.- Observing chaos for quantum-dot microlasers with external feedback.
2716.- Distinguishing fingerprints of hyperchaotic and stochastic dynamics in optical chaos from a delayed opto-electronic oscillator.
2717.- Bone Induction: Regeneration through Chaos.
2718.- Chaos synchronization in mutually coupled semiconductor lasers with asymmetrical bias currents.
2719.- The value of instructional communication in crisis situations: restoring order to chaos.
2720.- Detecting chaos in heavy-noise environments.
2721.- Excited-state phase transition and onset of chaos in quantum optical models.
2722.- Length scale of interaction in spatiotemporal chaos.
2723.- Fractal snapshot components in chaos induced by strong noise.
2724.- The nature (and nurture) of children's perceptions of family chaos.
2725.- International dental standards--order out of chaos?
2726.- Chromosome instability: Chaos from within.
2727.- Chaos in fermionic many-body systems and the metal-insulator transition.
2728.- Chaos, complexity and complicatedness: lessons from rocket science.
2729.- The orderly chaos of proteins.
2730.- RETRACTED: Coping with chaos: how disordered contexts promote stereotyping and discrimination.
2731.- Topological chaos and periodic braiding of almost-cyclic sets.
2732.- Genetic analysis of nuclear bodies: from nondeterministic chaos to deterministic order.
2733.- "Chaos in the brickyard" revisited: what if Forscher were a butcher?
2734.- Change, chaos, adaptation: the effects of leadership on a work group.
2735.- Dynamic phase transition from localized to spatiotemporal chaos in coupled circle map with feedback.
2736.- The least channel capacity for chaos synchronization.
2737.- Chaos laser chips with delayed optical feedback using a passive ring waveguide.
2738.- Molecular subclassification of diffuse gliomas: seeing order in the chaos.
2739.- Finding meaning in the loss of a child: journeys of chaos and quest.
2740.- Planar mixed flow and chaos: Lyapunov exponents and the conjugate-pairing rule.
2741.- Scaling properties of weak chaos in nonlinear disordered lattices.
2742.- Coarsening to chaos-stabilized fronts.
2743.- Phase detection of chaos.
2744.- Entanglement and chaos in the kicked top.
2745.- Topology of magnetic field lines: chaos and bifurcations emerging from two-action systems.
2746.- Quantum chaos of a mixed open system of kicked cold atoms.
2747.- Phase control of resonant systems: interference, chaos and high periodicity.
2748.- The suddenly not-so-well well-child check: staying still to listen amidst the chaos.
2749.- Chaos, creativity, and substance abuse: the nonlinear dynamics of choice.
2750.- Chaos, complexity, and creative behavior.
2751.- Effects of maturation and acidosis on the chaos-like complexity of the neural respiratory output in the isolated brainstem of the tadpole, Rana esculenta.
2752.- Waiting to exhale: chaos, toxicity and the origins of the U.S. Chemical Warfare Service.
2753.- Ventilatory chaos is impaired in carotid atherosclerosis.
2754.- Banded spatiotemporal chaos in sheared nematogenic fluids.
2755.- Transition to chaos of coupled oscillators: an operator fidelity susceptibility study.
2756.- Irreversibility and chaos: role of long-range hydrodynamic interactions in sheared suspensions.
2757.- Probability densities for the sums of iterates of the sine-circle map in the vicinity of the quasiperiodic edge of chaos.
2758.- Devaney's chaos on recurrence plots.
2759.- Exploring multiple responses to a chaos narrative.
2760.- Adaptive functional systems: learning with chaos.
2761.- Collective phase chaos in the dynamics of interacting oscillator ensembles.
2762.- Chaos from turbulence: stochastic-chaotic equilibrium in turbulent convection at high Rayleigh numbers.
2763.- A coupled map lattice model for rheological chaos in sheared nematic liquid crystals.
2764.- Recurrence-based detection of the hyperchaos-chaos transition in an electronic circuit.
2765.- Extensive chaos in the Lorenz-96 model.
2766.- Hyperbolic chaos in the klystron-type microwave vacuum tube oscillator.
2767.- Automodulations in an extended cavity, passively modelocked Ti:Sapphire oscillator--period doubling and chaos.
2768.- [Reference pricing system for triptans: Chaos in the pharmac].
2769.- Noise suppressions in synchronized chaos lidars.
2770.- [Against organizational chaos?].
2771.- (Un)responsible health system - system or chaos?
2772.- Status of hemoglobin A1c measurement and goals for improvement: from chaos to order for improving diabetes care.
2773.- A cloud that created chaos across Europe.
2774.- Supramolecular self-assembled chaos: polyphenolic lignin's barrier to cost-effective lignocellulosic biofuels.
2775.- Band-phase-randomized surrogate data reveal high-frequency chaos in heart rate variability.
2776.- Chaos induction using a reference model assisted control.
2777.- Living on the edge of chaos: minimally nonlinear models of genetic regulatory dynamics.
2778.- Chaos in the genesis and maintenance of cardiac arrhythmias.
2779.- Coherence, chaos, and the coincidentia oppositorum.
2780.- Chaos, fractals, and our concept of disease.
2781.- Dynamics of the Drosophila circadian clock: theoretical anti-jitter network and controlled chaos.
2782.- Chaos in the pulse spacing of passive Q-switched all-solid-state lasers.
2783.- Oceans. Chaos in the Gulf.
2784.- Seeking order out of global health chaos.
2785.- Controlled chaos: new insights into genetically programmed cell cycle asynchrony.
2786.- Self-organized distribution of periodicity and chaos in an electrochemical oscillator.
2787.- Joy shines more brightly engulfed in chaos: reflections on a mission trip to Haiti.
2788.- Chaos suppression in a Nd:YVO4 laser by biharmonical pump modulation.
2789.- Pattern formation and chaos in spatial ecological public goodsgames.
2790.- Retraction: "Multiple period-doubling bifurcation route to chaos in periodically pulsed Murali-Lakshmanan-Chua circuit-controlling and synchronization of chaos" [Chaos 17, 043120 (2007)].
2791.- Transient chaos measurements using finite-time Lyapunov exponents.
2792.- Stability and chaos in coupled two-dimensional maps on gene regulatory network of bacterium E. coli.
2793.- Quantifying chaos for ecological stoichiometry.
2794.- Similarity analysis for DNA sequences based on chaos game representation. Case study: the albumin.
2795.- Self-organized chaos through polyhomeostatic optimization.
2796.- Amplitude-phase synchronization at the onset of permanent spatiotemporal chaos.
2797.- Effect of smoothing on robust chaos.
2798.- Scars at the edge of the transition from order to chaos in the isomerizing molecular systems LiNC-LiCN and HCN-HNC, and HO2.
2799.- Controlling spatiotemporal chaos in chains of dissipative Kapitza pendula.
2800.- Calcium window currents, periodic forcing, and chaos: understanding single neuron response with a discontinuous one-dimensional map.
2801.- Stimulus-dependent suppression of chaos in recurrent neural networks.
2802.- Identification of delays and discontinuity points of unknown systems by using synchronization of chaos.
2803.- Properties of leader-laggard chaos synchronization in mutually coupled external-cavity semiconductor lasers.
2804.- Logarithmic bred vectors in spatiotemporal chaos: structure and growth.
2805.- Transition from clustered state to spatiotemporal chaos in a small-world networks.
2806.- Quasipotential approach to critical scaling in noise-induced chaos.
2807.- Fractality and a wavelet-chaos-neural network methodology for EEG-based diagnosis of autistic spectrum disorder.
2808.- US stem-cell chaos felt abroad.
2809.- Fractality and a wavelet-chaos-methodology for EEG-based diagnosis of Alzheimer disease.
2810.- Rademacher chaos complexities for learning the kernel problem.
2811.- Addressing management issues. Cranky employee creates chaos.
2812.- Taking the chaos out of genetic patchiness: seascape genetics reveals ecological and oceanographic drivers of genetic patterns in three temperate reef species.
2813.- Hope and humanity amongst devastation and chaos.
2814.- Managing Chaos: Lessons Learned Developing Software in the Life Sciences.
2815.- Laser treatment of varicose veins: order out of chaos.
2816.- Irregularly appearing early afterdepolarizations in cardiac myocytes: random fluctuations or dynamical chaos?
2817.- A world in turmoil: chaos, or a new world order?
2818.- Order from chaos.
2819.- Chaos for cardiac arrhythmias through a one-dimensional modulation equation for alternans.
2820.- A matched filter for chaos.
2821.- Shil'nikov chaos and mixed-mode oscillation in Chua circuit.
2822.- Chaos at the cash register.
2823.- Blind multiuser detector for chaos-based CDMA using support vector machine.
2824.- Archaic chaos: intrinsically disordered proteins in Archaea.
2825.- The edge of chaos: reductionism in healthcare and health professional training.
2826.- Chaos-assisted directional light emission from microcavity lasers.
2827.- Spatiotemporal chaos and the dynamics of coupled Langmuir and ion-acoustic waves in plasmas.
2828.- Scalar dispersion in a periodically reoriented potential flow: acceleration via Lagrangian chaos.
2829.- Chaos in human behavior: the case of work motivation.
2830.- New research shows genetic chaos caused by smoking. Results provide a "cancer map" that catalogues mutations; findings could revolutionize cancer treatment.
2831.- Parental ADHD Symptomology and Ineffective Parenting: The Connecting Link of Home Chaos.
2832.- Nonlinear dynamics: Optoelectronic chaos.
2833.- Coping with chaos: unpredictable food supplies intensify torpor use in an arid-zone marsupial, the fat-tailed dunnart (Sminthopsis crassicaudata).
2834.- Bifurcations and chaos in the MAPK signaling cascade.
2835.- Research on the relation of EEG signal chaos characteristics with high-level intelligence activity of human brain.
2836.- Time delay signature concealment of optical feedback induced chaos in an external cavity semiconductor laser.
2837.- Fast random bit generation with bandwidth-enhanced chaos in semiconductor lasers.
2838.- Chaos-on-a-chip secures data transmission in optical fiber links.
2839.- Retraction: Geometric Ginzburg-Landau theory for faceted crystals in one dimension: From coarsening to chaos through a driving force [Phys. Rev. E 79, 011115 (2009)].
2840.- Generating chaos for discrete time-delayed systems via impulsive control.
2841.- Scytale decodes chaos: a method for estimating unstable symmetric solutions.
2842.- Detecting recursive and nonrecursive filters using chaos.
2843.- PT-symmetric wave Chaos.
2844.- Broadband chaos generated by an optoelectronic oscillator.
2845.- Order and chaos in the rotation and revolution of a line segment and a point mass.
2846.- Onset of quantum chaos in one-dimensional bosonic and fermionic systems and its relation to thermalization.
2847.- Quantum chaos and operator fidelity metric.
2848.- Weak chaos and the "melting transition" in a confined microplasma system.
2849.- Transient spatiotemporal chaos is extensive in three reaction-diffusion networks.
2850.- Adaptive coupling for achieving stable synchronization of chaos.
2851.- Dual structures of chaos and turbulence, and their dynamic scaling laws.
2852.- The Sheperd equation and chaos identification.
2853.- Comfort amidst the chaos.
2854.- [Chaos waiting without a national program for obesity surgery].
2855.- Surgical ablation of lone atrial fibrillation on the beating heart: the chaos continues.
2856.- Mammogram mania: task force screening recommendation creates chaos.
2857.- [Together! Chaos behind us, a developing organization].
2858.- Creating order out of chaos: a leadership approach.
2859.- [New influenza: perfect chaos at the vaccination].
2860.- Comment on "Anticipating synchronization of chaotic systems with time delay and parameter mismatch" [Chaos 19, 013104 (2009)].
2861.- Rank one chaos in a class of planar systems with heteroclinic cycle.
2862.- Mixed-mode oscillations and chaos in a prey-predator system with dormancy of predators.
2863.- Bifurcation and chaos in spin-valve pillars in a periodic applied magnetic field.
2864.- Chaos and crises in a model for cooperative hunting: a symbolic dynamics approach.
2865.- Learning to imitate stochastic time series in a compositional way by chaos.
2866.- Chaos-based mixed signal implementation of spiking neurons.
2867.- Chaos, archetypes, and the all-integrating field.
2868.- Order out of chaos in the hybrid plant nucleus.
2869.- On the origin of chaos in autonomous Boolean networks.
2870.- On chaos synchronization and secure communication.
2871.- Extending anticipation horizon of chaos synchronization schemes with time-delay coupling.
2872.- Synchronization of bandwidth-enhanced chaos in semiconductor lasers with optical feedback and injection.
2873.- Detection of chaos in human fatigue mechanomyogarphy signals.
2874.- [Preventive care: changes in the 2009 EBM. Laboratory chaos in family practices].
2875.- [H1N1 vaccination. A state imposed chaos].
2876.- "Chaos" protects health privacy.
2877.- Sciences of complexity and chaos to analyze vectors and zoonosis.
2878.- Health systems: chaos requires software renewal.
2879.- Pulses of chaos synchronization in coupled map chains with delayed transmission.
2880.- Boolean chaos.
2881.- Equivalence between the mobility edge of electronic transport on disorderless networks and the onset of chaos via intermittency in deterministic maps.
2882.- Network-induced chaos in integrate-and-fire neuronal ensembles.
2883.- Traumatic brain injury: a glimpse of order among the chaos?
2884.- Medication room madness: calming the chaos.
2885.- CHAOS in the delivery room: a dire emergency.
2886.- Finding your way through chaos, fractals, and other exotic mathematical objects: a guide for the perplexed.
2887.- Modelling contact spread of infection in host-parasitoid systems: vertical transmission of pathogens can cause chaos.
2888.- Evidence of chaos in eco-epidemic models.
2889.- [Polycystic ovary syndrome. Diet helps control hormone chaos].
2890.- The discharge brunch: reducing chaos and increasing smiles on the OB unit.
2891.- Deterministic chaos and fractal complexity in the dynamics of cardiovascular behavior: perspectives on a new frontier.
2892.- Quantum signatures of chaos in a kicked top.
2893.- Quantum mechanics: Passage through chaos.
2894.- Electro-optic delay oscillator with nonlocal nonlinearity: Optical phase dynamics, chaos, and synchronization.
2895.- Spatial chaos of traveling waves has a given velocity.
2896.- Chaos enhancing tunneling in a coupled Bose-Einstein condensate with a double driving.
2897.- A decentralized adaptive robust method for chaos control.
2898.- Using synchronization of chaos to identify the dynamics of unknown systems.
2899.- [Moderate emotionality is chaos].
2900.- A web server for interactive and zoomable Chaos Game Representation images.
2901.- Chaos in the classical mechanics of bound and quasi-bound HX-4He complexes with X = F, Cl, Br, CN.
2902.- Astrophysics: Hidden chaos in cosmic order.
2903.- Harnessing chaos in recurrent neural networks.
2904.- Chaos game representation of human pallidal spike trains.
2905.- Nonlinear time series analysis of nodulation factor induced calcium oscillations: evidence for deterministic chaos?
2906.- 'It just doesn't seem to fit'. Environmental illness, corporeal chaos and the body as a complex system.
2907.- A stochastic modeling methodology based on weighted Wiener chaos and Malliavin calculus.
2908.- Bifurcation and chaos in a model of cardiac early afterdepolarizations.
2909.- Transition probability from matter-wave soliton to chaos.
2910.- Chaos and correspondence in classical and quantum Hamiltonian ratchets: a Heisenberg approach.
2911.- Quantum chaos in the nuclear collective model. II. Peres lattices.
2912.- On control of chaos and synchronization in the vibronic laser.
2913.- Dual-channel chaos synchronization and communication based on unidirectionally coupled VCSELs with polarization-rotated optical feedback and polarization-rotated optical injection.
2914.- [Chaos and fractals and their applications in electrocardial signal research].
2915.- Flat-line funding for PEPFAR: a recipe for chaos.
2916.- A cryptic ribosome binding site, false signals in reporter systems and avoidance of protein translation chaos.
2917.- Stochastic vagal modulation of cardiac pacemaking may lead to erroneous identification of cardiac "chaos".
2918.- Identifying chaos from heart rate: the right task?
2919.- Comment on "Rewiring networks for synchronization" [Chaos 18, 037105 (2008)].
2920.- Chaos synchronization basing on symbolic dynamics with nongenerating partition.
2921.- Relating chaos to deterministic diffusion of a molecule adsorbed on a surface.
2922.- Locating the transition from periodic oscillations to spatiotemporal chaos in the wake of invasion.
2923.- Science and art: emergence of patterns from nature's chaos, through parallels between Edward Lorenz and Yves Klein.
2924.- Chaos and chaotic dynamics in economics.
2925.- Chaos and predictability in population dynamics.
2926.- Chaos as a psychological construct: historical roots, principal findings, and current growth directions.
2927.- Chaos theory before Lorenz.
2928.- Conduct problems, IQ, and household chaos: a longitudinal multi-informant study.
2929.- Period doubling and spatiotemporal chaos in periodically forced CO oxidation on Pt(110).
2930.- Pattern dynamics and spatiotemporal chaos in the quantum Zakharov equations.
2931.- Wave propagation through Cantor-set media: chaos, scaling, and fractal structures.
2932.- Transition zone in controlling spatiotemporal chaos.
2933.- Closer look at time averages of the logistic map at the edge of chaos.
2934.- Short-time Loschmidt gap in dynamical systems with critical chaos.
2935.- Spin squeezing as an indicator of quantum chaos in the Dicke model.
2936.- Diagnosis of spatiotemporal chaos in wave envelopes of a nematic electroconvection pattern.
2937.- Quantum chaos in the nuclear collective model: Classical-quantum correspondence.
2938.- Experimentally observed route to spatiotemporal chaos in an extended one-dimensional array of convective oscillators.
2939.- Generalized molecular chaos hypothesis and the H theorem: problem of constraints and amendment of nonextensive statistical mechanics.
2940.- Thermodynamic entropy and chaos in a discrete hydrodynamical system.
2941.- Interannual variability in species composition explained as seasonally entrained chaos.
2942.- The 2008 World Health Organization classification system for myeloproliferative neoplasms: order out of chaos.
2943.- Genome-scale transcriptional profiling in Staphylococcus aureus : bringing order out of chaos.
2944.- Chaos in the embryo.
2945.- Chaos self-synchronization in a semiconductor laser.
2946.- Docosapentaenoic acid (DPA) is a critical determinant of cubic membrane formation in amoeba Chaos mitochondria.
2947.- Chaos UWB radar for through-the-wall imaging.
2948.- Hybrid electronic/optical synchronized chaos communication system.
2949.- Using chaos for remote sensing of laser radiation.
2950.- Introduction: harmony in chaos: social work responses to issues arising from a changing and stressful world, part 2.
2951.- Comment on "nonmonotonicity in the quantum-classical transition: chaos induced by quantum effects".
2952.- Invisible grazings and dangerous bifurcations in impacting systems: the problem of narrow-band chaos.
2953.- Diffusion-induced instability and chaos in random oscillator networks.
2954.- Origin of chaos near critical points of quantum flow.
2955.- Exponential localization of singular vectors in spatiotemporal chaos.
2956.- Failure in distinguishing colored noise from chaos using the "noise titration" technique.
2957.- Networks on the edge of chaos: global feedback control of turbulence in oscillator networks.
2958.- Leader-laggard relationship of chaos synchronization in mutually coupled vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers with time delay.
2959.- Compactons and chaos in strongly nonlinear lattices.
2960.- Routes to chaos and multiple time scale dynamics in broadband bandpass nonlinear delay electro-optic oscillators.
2961.- Border collision bifurcations, snap-back repellers, and chaos.
2962.- Dismantling Rube Goldberg: cutting through chaos to achieve coordinated care.
2963.- Route to broadband chaos in a chaotic laser diode subject to optical injection.
2964.- Suppression of photon-echo as a signature of chaos.
2965.- Congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS) affecting one of the fetuses in a monochorionic twin pregnancy.
2966.- Introduction: harmony in chaos: social work responses to issues arising from a changing and stressful world, part 1.
2967.- Chaos of elementary cellular automata rule 42 of Wolfram's class II.
2968.- Experimental verification of rank 1 chaos in switch-controlled Chua circuit.
2969.- Teetering towards chaos and complexity.
2970.- The capabilities of chaos and complexity.
2971.- [Electronic chaos].
2972.- Emergency nursing in Lebanon amidst chaos.
2973.- [Electronic chaos].
2974.- [Renewal in general internal medicine: the chaos?].
2975.- Parabolic resonance: a route to hamiltonian spatiotemporal chaos.
2976.- Threshold for chaos and thermalization in the one-dimensional mean-field bose-hubbard model.
2977.- Poincaré recurrences and transient chaos in systems with leaks.
2978.- Using synchronism of chaos for adaptive learning of time-evolving network topology.
2979.- Geometric Ginzburg-Landau theory for faceted crystals in one dimension: From coarsening to chaos through a driving force.
2980.- Wigner-function nonclassicality as indicator of quantum chaos.
2981.- Using recurrences to characterize the hyperchaos-chaos transition.
2982.- Creating order from chaos: taming atrial fibrillation. Treatment focuses on controlling the heart's rate and rhythm and preventing stroke.
2983.- Kaputnik chaos could kill Hubble.
2984.- [Chaos concerning smoking prevalence figures in Austria].
2985.- A chaos-based visual encryption mechanism for clinical EEG signals.
2986.- Making sense of the chaos. The specific aim is to get concrete agreement on the priority areas for quality improvement.
2987.- Percutaneous fetoscopic laser decompression of congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS) from laryngeal atresia via a single trocar--current technical constraints and potential solutions for future interventions.
2988.- Chaos and the catch of the day.
2989.- Prediction of protein structural classes by recurrence quantification analysis based on chaos game representation.
2990.- Chaos in schizophrenia associations, reality or metaphor?
2991.- Chaos begets order: asynchronous cell contractions drive epithelial morphogenesis.
2992.- Primum non nocere: how to cause chaos with a bronchoscope in the ICU.
2993.- Disordered folliculogenesis during the menopausal transition: explaining chaos.
2994.- Comment on "Synchronization of chaotic systems with delay using intermittent linear state feedback" [Chaos 18, 033122 (2008)].
2995.- Asymmetric spatiotemporal chaos induced by a polypoid mass in the excised larynx.
2996.- Nonlinear Dynamics and Chaos of Microcantilever-Based TM-AFMs with Squeeze Film Damping Effects.
2997.- Congenital laryngomucocoele: a rare cause for CHAOS.
2998.- Heat conductivity from molecular chaos hypothesis in locally confined billiard systems.
2999.- Finite-size particles, advection, and chaos: a collective phenomenon of intermittent bursting.
3000.- Impact of light polarization on chaos synchronization of mutually coupled VCSELs.
3001.- Adaptation to the edge of chaos with random-wavelet feedback.
3002.- Hamiltonian chaos in a model alveolus.
3003.- Comment on "Acoustic chaos in a duct with two separate sound sources" [J. Acoust. Soc. Am. 110, 120-126 (2001)].
3004.- Comment on "On the security of a spatiotemporal chaotic cryptosystem" [Chaos 17, 033117 (2007)].
3005.- Comment on "Encryption and decryption of images with chaotic map lattices" [Chaos 16, 033118 (2006)].
3006.- Chaos at the border of criticality.
3007.- [Nursing as an evolving profession. Chaos and complexity theories applied to nursing tasks].
3008.- Biochemistry. Controlled chaos.
3009.- The challenges of purpose in the face of chaos: commentary paper by Professor Beverley Raphael.
3010.- Cell biology: Nuclear order out of chaos.
3011.- Dealing with chaos and complexity: the reality of interviewing children and families in their own homes.
3012.- Interactions between neural networks: a mechanism for tuning chaos and oscillations.
3013.- Controlled chaos of polymorphic mucins in a metazoan parasite (Schistosoma mansoni) interacting with its invertebrate host (Biomphalaria glabrata).
3014.- Experimental evidence of wave chaos from a double slit experiment with water surface waves.
3015.- Coupling design for a long-term anticipating synchronization of chaos.
3016.- Generalized synchronization of chaos in autonomous systems.
3017.- Riemannian geometry of Hamiltonian chaos: hints for a general theory.
3018.- The chaos of war.
3019.- Temperature-induced route to chaos in the H2O2-HSO3(-)-S2O3(2-) flow reaction system.
3020.- TRANSITIONS FROM STABLE EQUILIBRIA TO CHAOS, AND BACK, IN AN EXPERIMENTAL FOOD WEB.
3021.- Tracking quasiclassical chaos in ultracold boson gases.
3022.- Probing the order-to-chaos region in superdeformed 151Tb and 196Pb nuclei with continuum gamma transitions.
3023.- Characterizing the edge of chaos for a shear flow model.
3024.- Controlling chaos of a Bose-Einstein condensate loaded into a moving optical Fourier-synthesized lattice.
3025.- Applications of geometrical criteria for transition to Hamiltonian chaos.
3026.- All-optical noninvasive chaos control of a semiconductor laser.
3027.- [Chaos control and interface].
3028.- Cardiac dissonance without conductors: how dicer depletion provokes chaos in the heart.
3029.- An Analysis of Polynomial Chaos Approximations for Modeling Single-Fluid-Phase Flow in Porous Medium Systems.
3030.- [Insurance--disease: the strategy of the chaos].
3031.- Chaos, vulnerability and control: parental beliefs about neonatal clinical trials.
3032.- Chaos in the Pacific's coral reef bleaching cycle.
3033.- Statistical interpretation of the interplay between noise and chaos in the stochastic logistic map.
3034.- Managing chaos amidst the unbelievable.
3035.- Discipline in chaos: Foucault, dementia and aging in India.
3036.- Environmental health, climate chaos and resilience.
3037.- Public channel cryptography: chaos synchronization and Hilbert's tenth problem.
3038.- Nonmonotonicity in the quantum-classical transition: chaos induced by quantum effects.
3039.- Wave chaos in rapidly rotating stars.
3040.- Structure of characteristic Lyapunov vectors in spatiotemporal chaos.
3041.- [From chaos to insight--the character of the dynamics of therapeutic changes with a linguistic analysis of verbatim transcripts].
3042.- On Chaos: Codes and the RSNA.
3043.- Haemoglobin A1c analysis in the management of patients with diabetes: from chaos to harmony.
3044.- Snow tussocks, chaos, and the evolution of mast seeding.
3045.- Fuzzy chaos: reduced chaos in the combined dynamics of several independently chaotic populations.
3046.- A spatio-temporal wavelet-chaos methodology for EEG-based diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease.
3047.- Exact formula of the distribution of Schmidt eigenvalues for dynamical formation of entanglement in quantum chaos.
3048.- Designing coupling for synchronization and amplification of chaos.
3049.- Chaos-assisted tunneling and 1/falpha spectral fluctuations in the order-chaos transition.
3050.- Inflation of the edge of chaos in a simple model of gene interaction networks.
3051.- Chaos synchronization regimes in multiple-time-delay semiconductor lasers.
3052.- Noise-induced order in the chaos of the Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction.
3053.- Impulsive control of stochastic systems with applications in chaos control, chaos synchronization, and neural networks.
3054.- High-performance multimedia encryption system based on chaos.
3055.- Experimental bifurcations and homoclinic chaos in a laser with a saturable absorber.
3056.- Input reconstruction of chaos sensors.
3057.- Life is chaos...fortunately.
3058.- Easing the chaos in emergency departments: implementation of the 'ask your nurse' teletriage program.
3059.- Embracing chaos and complexity: a quantum change for public health.
3060.- Brain tumor stem cells: bringing order to the chaos of brain cancer.
3061.- [Gone the daily practice chaos].
3062.- Photonic integrated device for chaos applications in communications.
3063.- Poincaré recurrences from the perspective of transient chaos.
3064.- Free-energy fluctuations and chaos in the Sherrington-Kirkpatrick model.
3065.- Suppression of spatiotemporal chaos in the oscillatory CO oxidation on Pt(110) by focused laser light.
3066.- Spatiotemporal chaos in sine-Gordon systems subjected to wave fields: onset and suppression.
3067.- Patterns of chaos synchronization.
3068.- From quasiperiodicity to toroidal chaos: analogy between the Curry-Yorke map and the van der Pol system.
3069.- Riemannian geometric approach to chaos in SU(2) Yang-Mills theory.
3070.- Matching of separatrix map and resonant dynamics, with application to global chaos onset between separatrices.
3071.- Controlling chaos for spatiotemporal intermittency.
3072.- Non-linear and chaos characteristics of heart sound time series.
3073.- Cross-presentation: avoiding trafficking chaos?
3074.- Idiopathic scoliosis and chaos.
3075.- Source of human ventilatory chaos: lessons from switching controlled mechanical ventilation to inspiratory pressure support in critically ill patients.
3076.- Stochastic synchrony of chaos in a pulse-coupled neural network with both chemical and electrical synapses among inhibitory neurons.
3077.- Does gefitinib shorten lung cancer survival? Chaos redux.
3078.- Comment on "Exponential stabilization of chaotic systems with delay by periodically intermittent control" [Chaos 17, 013103 (2007)].
3079.- Time shifts and correlations in synchronized chaos.
3080.- Sil'nikov chaos of the Liu system.
3081.- Bifurcations and chaos in register transitions of excised larynx experiments.
3082.- Chaos, oscillation and the evolution of indirect reciprocity in n-person games.
3083.- The nature of nurture: a genomewide association scan for family chaos.
3084.- Continuity amid chaos: neurotrauma, loss of memory, and sense of self.
3085.- Flapping states of a flag in an inviscid fluid: bistability and the transition to chaos.
3086.- Universality in quantum chaos and the one-parameter scaling theory.
3087.- Coarse grained variables and deterministic chaos in an excitable system.
3088.- Comment on "Reliability of the 0-1 test for chaos".
3089.- Shear-induced chaos in nonlinear Maxwell-model fluids.
3090.- Energy enhancement and chaos control in microelectromechanical systems.
3091.- Bifurcations and chaos in semiconductor superlattices with a tilted magnetic field.
3092.- Transitions from phase-locked dynamics to chaos in a piecewise-linear map.
3093.- Quantum chaos, delocalization, and entanglement in disordered Heisenberg models.
3094.- Control and synchronization of spatiotemporal chaos.
3095.- Enhanced chaos synchronization in unidirectionally coupled vertical-cavity surface-emitting semiconductor lasers with polarization-preserved injection.
3096.- Using simplified Chaos Theory to manage nursing services.
3097.- Vitamin K: the chaos continues.
3098.- Neural chaos and schizophrenia.
3099.- Chaos in Aso Dyes with Weigert's Effect.
3100.- Chaos in a long-term experiment with a plankton community.
3101.- Controlling chaos by GA-based reinforcement learning neural network.
3102.- Chaos synchronization communication using extremely unsymmetrical bidirectional injections.
3103.- Detection of weak chaos in infant respiration.
3104.- Fast Hamiltonian chaos: Heat bath without thermodynamic limit.
3105.- Quantum chaos and regularity in ultracold Fermi gases.
3106.- Chaotic saddles at the onset of intermittent spatiotemporal chaos.
3107.- Master stability analysis in transient spatiotemporal chaos.
3108.- Origin of chaos in soft interactions and signatures of nonergodicity.
3109.- Transient chaos induces anomalous transport properties of an underdamped Brownian particle.
3110.- Spatiotemporal chaos of self-replicating spots in reaction-diffusion systems.
3111.- Deconstructing spatiotemporal chaos using local symbolic dynamics.
3112.- Wave emission from heterogeneities opens a way to controlling chaos in the heart.
3113.- Curvature fields, topology, and the dynamics of spatiotemporal chaos.
3114.- Polar nano-rods under shear: from equilibrium to chaos.
3115.- Molecular phylogenetics of the family Cyprinidae (Actinopterygii: Cypriniformes) as evidenced by sequence variation in the first intron of S7 ribosomal protein-coding gene: further evidence from a nuclear gene of the systematic chaos in the family.
3116.- [From charivari to judicial chaos: irrepressible sexuality, Chalais, 1942-45].
3117.- Order in the House! Associations among Household Chaos, the Home Literacy Environment, Maternal Reading Ability, and Children's Early Reading.
3118.- Dynamical phases of the Hindmarsh-Rose neuronal model: studies of the transition from bursting to spiking chaos.
3119.- Optimal instruments and models for noisy chaos.
3120.- Dynamics of the chain of forced oscillators with long-range interaction: from synchronization to chaos.
3121.- Multiple period-doubling bifurcation route to chaos in periodically pulsed Murali-Lakshmanan-Chua circuit-controlling and synchronization of chaos.
3122.- Chaos suppression through asymmetric coupling.
3123.- City chaos, contagion, Chadwick, and social justice.
3124.- Chaos mirror for free-space links.
3125.- Experiments on chaos synchronization in two separate microchip lasers.
3126.- 1.5-GHz message transmission based on synchronization of chaos in semiconductor lasers.
3127.- Culture, habits, additions, omissions or substitutions can spell dental CHAOS.
3128.- Dazzled by unity? Order and chaos in public discourse on illicit drug use.
3129.- Heart rate chaos as a mortality predictor in mild to moderate heart failure.
3130.- Distinguishing noise from chaos.
3131.- Decoherence induced by an interacting spin environment in the transition from integrability to chaos.
3132.- Detecting order and chaos in three-dimensional Hamiltonian systems by geometrical methods.
3133.- Clustering, chaos, and crisis in a bailout embedding map.
3134.- Versatile and robust chaos synchronization phenomena imposed by delayed shared feedback coupling.
3135.- Model for efficient simulation of spatially incoherent light using the Wiener chaos expansion method.
3136.- A history of chaos theory.
3137.- Transient tumbling chaos and damping identification for parametric pendulum.
3138.- Analysis of chaos attractors of MCG-recordings.
3139.- A simple guide to chaos and complexity.
3140.- Dispersion of refractoriness and induction of reentry due to chaos synchronization in a model of cardiac tissue.
3141.- Chaos synchronization in coupled systems by applying pinning control.
3142.- Property change of unstable fixed point and phase synchronization in controlling spatiotemporal chaos by a periodic signal.
3143.- Chaos synchronization and parameter estimation from a scalar output signal.
3144.- Incomplete molecular chaos within dense-fluid shock waves.
3145.- Chaos synchronization among orthogonally polarized emissions in a dual-polarization laser.
3146.- Zero delay synchronization of chaos in coupled map lattices.
3147.- Global structure in spatiotemporal chaos of the Matthews-Cox equations.
3148.- Chaos breeds autonomy: connectionist design between bias and baby-sitting.
3149.- Beauty in chaos.
3150.- Comment on "Adaptive Q-S (lag, anticipated, and complete) time-varying synchronization and parameters identification of uncertain delayed neural networks" [Chaos 16, 023119 (2006)].
3151.- Competitive coexistence in stoichiometric chaos.
3152.- Optimizing chaos-based signals for complex radar targets.
3153.- Bursting, chaos and birhythmicity originating from self-modulation of the inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate signal in a model for intracellular Ca2+ oscillations.
3154.- Controlling chaos in ecology: from deterministic to individual-based models.
3155.- Chaos, brain and divided consciousness.
3156.- Mixed-band wavelet-chaos-neural network methodology for epilepsy and epileptic seizure detection.
3157.- Turning order into chaos through repetition and addition of elementary acts in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).
3158.- Controlled chaos: managing your access control system for future success.
3159.- Role of horizontal incidence in the occurrence and control of chaos in an eco-epidemiological system.
3160.- Phase quantization of chaos in the semiclassical regime.
3161.- Singing of Neoconocephalus robustus as an example of deterministic chaos in insects.
3162.- Topological characterization of deterministic chaos: enforcing orientation preservation.
3163.- Low-dimensional chaos and wave turbulence in plasmas.
3164.- Chaos computing: ideas and implementations.
3165.- Searching chaos and coherent structures in the atmospheric turbulence above the Amazon forest.
3166.- Dynamics, bifurcations and chaos in coupled lasers.
3167.- Turbulence transition and the edge of chaos in pipe flow.
3168.- Experimental evidence for molecular chaos in granular gases.
3169.- Geometry of Hamiltonian chaos.
3170.- Draining of the sea of chaos: role of resonant transmission and reflection in an array of billiards.
3171.- Controlled destruction of chaos in the multistable regime.
3172.- Wave chaos in rotating optical cavities.
3173.- Distinguishing quasiperiodic dynamics from chaos in short-time series.
3174.- Onset of spatiotemporal chaos in a nonlinear system.
3175.- Noise can delay and advance the collapse of spatiotemporal chaos.
3176.- Controlling spatiotemporal chaos using multiple delays.
3177.- Control of spatiotemporal chaos in catalytic CO oxidation by laser-induced pacemakers.
3178.- Pinning control of spatiotemporal chaos in the LCLV device.
3179.- Theoretical models for chronotherapy: periodic perturbations in funnel chaos type.
3180.- Meteorology. Order from chaos, power from dissipation in planetary flows.
3181.- Chaos reality in the brain.
3182.- Digital transmission for improved synchronization of analog chaos generators in communications systems.
3183.- Stability of piecewise affine systems with application to chaos stabilization.
3184.- Hyperlabyrinth chaos: from chaotic walks to spatiotemporal chaos.
3185.- Quantitative and qualitative characterization of zigzag spatiotemporal chaos in a system of amplitude equations for nematic electroconvection.
3186.- The loss of entropy circadian rhythm in sinusal R-R intervals of type 1 diabetic pregnant women suggests an indeterministic chaos in cardiac pacing (minimum delirium cordis syndrome). A newly identifiable type of silent cardiac dysautonomia?
3187.- Mechanisms of disease: role of chondrocytes in the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis--structure, chaos and senescence.
3188.- The association between life chaos, health care use, and health status among HIV-infected persons.
3189.- The "Chaos Theory" and nonlinear dynamics in heart rate variability analysis: does it work in short-time series in patients with coronary heart disease?
3190.- Cancer control through principles of systems science, complexity, and chaos theory: a model.
3191.- Hypothesis: the chaos and complexity theory may help our understanding of fibromyalgia and similar maladies.
3192.- Tour de chaos.
3193.- Phylogenetic distribution of catalase-peroxidases: are there patches of order in chaos?
3194.- Determinism: Chaos tamed.
3195.- More or less CHAOS: case report and literature review suggesting the existence of a distinct subtype of congenital high airway obstruction syndrome.
3196.- The chaos in health care financing.
3197.- Edge of chaos and prediction of computational performance for neural circuit models.
3198.- Chaos and complexity: applications for healthcare quality and patient safety.
3199.- [Prognostic value of Poincare plot as nonlinear parameter of chaos theory in patients with myocardial infarction].
3200.- Vertical chaos and horizontal diffusion in the bouncing-ball billiard.
3201.- Extensive chaos in Rayleigh-Bénard convection.
3202.- Chaos in a one-dimensional compressible flow.
3203.- Synthesizing folded band chaos.
3204.- Signature of ray chaos in quasibound wave functions for a stadium-shaped dielectric cavity.
3205.- Triggering and enhancing chaos with a prescribed target Lyapunov exponent using optimized perturbations of minimum power.
3206.- Chromosomal chaos and cancer.
3207.- Computer hexapod assisted orthopaedic surgery (CHAOS) in the correction of long bone fracture and deformity.
3208.- Bringing order out of chaos: effective strategies for medical response to mass chemical exposure.
3209.- SES and CHAOS as environmental mediators of cognitive ability: A longitudinal genetic analysis.
3210.- Severe mutilating injuries to the hand: guidelines for organizing the chaos.
3211.- Creating order from chaos: part II: tactical planning for mass casualty and disaster response at definitive care facilities.
3212.- Creating order from chaos: part I: triage, initial care, and tactical considerations in mass casualty and disaster response.
3213.- Chaos, co-existence, and the potential for collective action: HIV-related vulnerability in Brazil's international borders.
3214.- Bringing order to chemical chaos.
3215.- Applications and extensions of Chao's moment estimator for the size of a closed population.
3216.- Vascular coupling induces synchronization, quasiperiodicity, and chaos in a nephron tree.
3217.- Study on the method of controlling chaos in an Er-doped fiber dual-ring laser via external optical injection and shifting optical feedback light.
3218.- The emergence of chaos in a laser irradiated spherical absorber.
3219.- Hip actuations can be used to control bifurcations and chaos in a passive dynamic walking model.
3220.- The solution to chaos is not chaos.
3221.- Medical training: chaos and unemployment.
3222.- Radiology quiz case 2. Congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS).
3223.- Fidelity and quantum chaos in the mesoscopic device for the josephson flux qubit.
3224.- New role for nonlinear dynamics and chaos in integrated semiconductor laser technology.
3225.- Error growth patterns in systems with spatial chaos: from coupled map lattices to global weather models.
3226.- Temperature and disorder chaos in three-dimensional Ising spin glasses.
3227.- Hexagons and spiral defect chaos in non-Boussinesq convection at low Prandtl numbers.
3228.- Dual synchronization of chaos in Mackey-Glass electronic circuits with time-delayed feedback.
3229.- Quantum chaos and fluctuations in isolated nuclear-spin systems.
3230.- Simultaneous bidirectional message transmission in a chaos-based communication scheme.
3231.- Confinement of dynamical chaos expansion in rotifer populations inhabiting heterogeneous environments: an effect of attractor size invariance.
3232.- Global models from the Canadian lynx cycles as a direct evidence for chaos in real ecosystems.
3233.- Chaos in biology.
3234.- Sensitivity analysis of cardiac electrophysiological models using polynomial chaos.
3235.- Generic quantum ratchet accelerator with full classical chaos.
3236.- Adaptation to the edge of chaos in one-dimensional chaotic maps.
3237.- Distinguishing chaos from noise by scale-dependent Lyapunov exponent.
3238.- Periodicity and chaos in electrically coupled Hindmarsh-Rose neurons.
3239.- Persistent chaos in high dimensions.
3240.- Quasiregularity and rigorous diffusion of strong Hamiltonian chaos.
3241.- A wavelet-chaos methodology for analysis of EEGs and EEG subbands to detect seizure and epilepsy.
3242.- Creating Consistency and Control Out of Chaos: A Qualitative View of Planned Pregnancy during Adolescence.
3243.- Predictability of outcomes: chaos theory and diabetes education.
3244.- A blood glucose prediction system by chaos approach.
3245.- A theoretical study for the chaos and complexity of the synchronous oscillations in electrically coupled abnormal neurons.
3246.- Heart rate chaos in obstructive sleep apnea in children.
3247.- Disease induced dynamics in host-parasitoid systems: chaos and coexistence.
3248.- Key factors in the organized chaos of early T cell development.
3249.- Energy quantization of chaos with the semiclassical phases alone.
3250.- Glycemic chaos (not glycemic control) still the rule for inpatient care: how do we stop the insanity?
3251.- Comment on "Identification of low order manifolds: validating the algorithm of Maas and Pope" [Chaos 9, 108-123 (1999)].
3252.- Equilibriumizing all food chain chaos through reproductive efficiency.
3253.- Theoretical and experimental studies of parameter estimation based on chaos feedback synchronization.
3254.- Edge of chaos in pipe flow.
3255.- Diabetic gastropathy and interstitial cells of Cajal: a clue for bringing understanding out of chaos?
3256.- Chaos via Shilnikov's saddle-node bifurcation in a theory of the electroencephalogram.
3257.- Spatiotemporal chaos in electroconvection of a homeotropically aligned nematic liquid crystal.
3258.- Controlling chaos with localized heterogeneous forces in oscillator chains.
3259.- Public-channel cryptography based on mutual chaos pass filters.
3260.- The road to chaos by time-asymmetric Hebbian learning in recurrent neural networks.
3261.- Standardized chaos.
3262.- Successful ex utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) procedure for congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS) owing to a large oropharyngeal teratoma.
3263.- The undervalued role of over-regulation in autism: Chaos Theory as a metaphor and beyond.
3264.- Closeness, chaos and crisis: the attractions of working in acute mental health care.
3265.- Control of neural chaos by synaptic noise.
3266.- Household chaos--links with parenting and child behaviour.
3267.- A breakthrough in neuroscience needs a "Nebulous Cartesian System" Oscillations, quantum dynamics and chaos in the brain and vegetative system.
3268.- Antibiotic resistance-systems thinking, chaos and complexity theory.
3269.- Caring for children amidst chaos: guidelines to maintain health.
3270.- Order-chaos-order transitions in electrosprays: the electrified dripping faucet.
3271.- Self-induced chaos in a single-mode inversionless laser.
3272.- Quantum chaos in the spectrum of operators used in Shor's algorithm.
3273.- Alternative determinism principle for topological analysis of chaos.
3274.- Suppression of quantum chaos in a quantum computer hardware.
3275.- Oscillations, period doublings, and chaos in CO oxidation and catalytic mufflers.
3276.- Experimental study of the transitions between synchronous chaos and a periodic rotating wave.
3277.- Ultra-high-frequency chaos in a time-delay electronic device with band-limited feedback.
3278.- Relations between distributional and Devaney chaos.
3279.- Conservative spatial chaos of buckled elastic linkages.
3280.- Chaos theory and the treatment of refractory status epilepticus: Who benefits from prolonged anesthesia, and is there a better way?
3281.- Art, Chaos, Ethics, and Science (ACES): a doctoring curriculum for emergency medicine.
3282.- Crisis and chaos in behavioral nutrition and physical activity.
3283.- Order out of chaos: the self-organization of communication following the anthrax attacks.
3284.- Caring, chaos and the vulnerable family: experiences in caring for newborns of drug-dependent parents.
3285.- The chaos surrounding faculty evaluation.
3286.- A comment on "Adverse drug reactions and avalanches: Life at the edge of chaos".
3287.- Sinking toward a fertile chaos.
3288.- Transition to bursting via deterministic chaos.
3289.- Chaos without nonlinear dynamics.
3290.- Characterization of the domain chaos convection state by the largest Lyapunov exponent.
3291.- Self-organization of chaos synchronization and pattern formation in coupled chaotic oscillators.
3292.- Effect of the centrifugal force on domain chaos in Rayleigh-Bénard convection.
3293.- Measure of orbital stickiness and chaos strength.
3294.- Incipience of quantum chaos in the Jahn-Teller model.
3295.- Control of chaos and its relevancy to spacecraft steering.
3296.- Anti-control of chaos of single time-scale brushless DC motor.
3297.- Introduction to anti-control of discrete chaos: theory and applications.
3298.- Control of chaos in nonlinear systems with time-periodic coefficients.
3299.- Minimal control synthesis adaptive control of nonlinear systems: utilizing the properties of chaos.
3300.- Controlling spatio-temporal chaos in the scenario of the one-dimensional complex Ginzburg-Landau equation.
3301.- Melnikov method approach to control of homoclinic/heteroclinic chaos by weak harmonic excitations.
3302.- Delayed feedback control of chaos.
3303.- Control of chaos: methods and applications in mechanics.
3304.- [The chaos theory in parasitology].
3305.- Accused doctor said to have faced chaos at New Orleans hospital.
3306.- Feedback loops for Shil'nikov chaos: The peroxidase-oxidase reaction.
3307.- Nonstatistical effects in the dissociation of ethyl radical: Finding order in chaos.
3308.- Asymmetric top rotors in electric fields: influence of chaos and collisions in molecular beam deflection experiments.
3309.- Confronting chaos.
3310.- Bringing order to early B cell chaos.
3311.- Three-dimensional mitochondrial arrangement in ventricular myocytes: from chaos to order.
3312.- Dynamical noise filter and conditional entropy analysis in chaos synchronization.
3313.- Parameter estimation of an asymmetric vocal-fold system from glottal area time series using chaos synchronization.
3314.- May chaos always be suppressed by parametric perturbations?
3315.- Reducing or enhancing chaos using periodic orbits.
3316.- Chaos quasisynchronization induced by impulses with parameter mismatches.
3317.- Chaos and residual correlations in pinned disordered systems.
3318.- Conserved quantities and adaptation to the edge of chaos.
3319.- Stability of simple periodic orbits and chaos in a Fermi-Pasta-Ulam lattice.
3320.- Orthostatic decrease in cardiac chaos during the head-up tilt test in patients with vasovagal syncope.
3321.- Chaos in the courtroom reconsidered: emotional bias and juror nullification.
3322.- On indeterminism, chaos, and small number particle systems in the brain.
3323.- Order will come out of chaos.
3324.- Chaos and order in spontaneous mutation.
3325.- Edge of chaos in a parallel shear flow.
3326.- Signature of directed chaos in the conductance of a nanowire.
3327.- Domain chaos puzzle and the calculation of the structure factor and its half-width.
3328.- Ordering spatiotemporal chaos in complex thermosensitive neuron networks.
3329.- Chaos in the crater.
3330.- Chaos game representation for comparison of whole genomes.
3331.- [Plasma membrane--order or chaos?].
3332.- Understanding neurodevelopment in premature infants: applied chaos theory.
3333.- Test on the structure of biological sequences via Chaos Game Representation.
3334.- On using polynomial chaos for modeling uncertainty in acoustic propagation.
3335.- Evidence for autosomal dominant inheritance in prenatally diagnosed CHAOS.
3336.- Neutralize MCI chaos.
3337.- Chaos synchronization of unidirectionally injected vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers with global and mode-selective coupling.
3338.- Chaos in dynamic atomic force microscopy.
3339.- Defect chaos and bursts: hexagonal rotating convection and the complex Ginzburg-Landau equation.
3340.- Spatiotemporal chaos: the microscopic perspective.
3341.- Chaos edges of z-logistic maps: connection between the relaxation and sensitivity entropic indices.
3342.- Transitions to spatiotemporal chaos and turbulence of flute instabilities in a magnetized plasma.
3343.- Experimental synchronization of spatiotemporal chaos in nonlinear optics.
3344.- Scaling and universality in transition to synchronous chaos with local-global interactions.
3345.- Semi-Poisson statistics in quantum chaos.
3346.- Persistence of chaos in a time-delayed-feedback controlled Duffing system.
3347.- Nonlocal coupling can prevent the collapse of spatiotemporal chaos.
3348.- Carving chaos: genetics and the classification of mood and psychotic syndromes.
3349.- Measures of chaos and equipartition in integrable and nonintegrable lattices.
3350.- Geometric diagnostics of complex patterns: spiral defect chaos.
3351.- Controlling chaos in spatially extended beam-plasma system by the continuous delayed feedback.
3352.- Numerical and experimental exploration of phase control of chaos.
3353.- Chaos in computer performance.
3354.- Part "D" for "defective"--the Medicare drug-benefit chaos.
3355.- Bringing order to the chaos: developing a matching process for minimally invasive and gastrointestinal postgraduate fellowships.
3356.- Mobile workstations case history. Clarity from chaos.
3357.- Immune responses and HIV: a little order from the chaos.
3358.- Limiting the chaos of same-day surgery.
3359.- Low energy trajectories and chaos: applications to astrodynamics and dynamical astronomy.
3360.- Amplitude suppression and chaos control in epileptic EEG signals.
3361.- Regulatory mechanisms of gene expression: complexity with elements of deterministic chaos.
3362.- Generation of very slow neuronal rhythms and chaos near the Hopf bifurcation in single neuron models.
3363.- Revealing the building blocks of spatiotemporal chaos: deviations from extensivity.
3364.- Medium-term prediction of chaos.
3365.- Chaos in atomic force microscopy.
3366.- Chaos control using notch filter feedback.
3367.- Three types of chaos in the forced nonlinear Schrödinger equation.
3368.- Emergence of chaos in quantum systems far from the classical limit.
3369.- Temperature chaos and bond chaos in Edwards-Anderson Ising spin glasses: domain-wall free-energy measurements.
3370.- Detecting chaos in pseudoperiodic time series without embedding.
3371.- Parallels between the dynamics at the noise-perturbed onset of chaos in logistic maps and the dynamics of glass formation.
3372.- Understanding chaos and the transformation of acute stroke care.
3373.- Self and balance amid chaos.
3374.- Ordering spatiotemporal chaos in small-world neuron networks.
3375.- Antibiotic cycling in intensive care units: the value of organized chaos?
3376.- Hybrid filtering to rescue stable oscillations from noise-induced chaos in continuous cultures of budding yeast.
3377.- Reduced mixing generates oscillations and chaos in the oceanic deep chlorophyll maximum.
3378.- Correlation dimension signature of wideband chaos synchronization of semiconductor lasers.
3379.- Periodical forcing for the control of chaos in a chemical reaction.
3380.- The pricing of U.S. hospital services: chaos behind a veil of secrecy.
3381.- A family of driving forces to suppress chaos in jerk equations: Laplace domain design.
3382.- The chaos and complexity of classic Hollywood cinema.
3383.- Pair of excitable FitzHugh-Nagumo elements: synchronization, multistability, and chaos.
3384.- Bifurcation and chaos in coupled ratchets exhibiting synchronized dynamics.
3385.- Two-mode chaos and its synchronization properties.
3386.- Reliability of the 0-1 test for chaos.
3387.- Chaos, coherence, and the double-slit experiment.
3388.- Numerical study of optically induced director oscillations in nematic liquid crystals: transition to chaos via homoclinic gluings and the role of backflow.
3389.- Observation of spiral pattern and spiral defect chaos in dielectric barrier discharge in argon/air at atmospheric pressure.
3390.- Periodic-orbit theory of universality in quantum chaos.
3391.- Days of triage: familiarity breeds controlled chaos.
3392.- The Chaos of Katrina: EMS maintains composure in the midst of anarchy.
3393.- Agenda for chaos.
3394.- Chaos and threshold for irreversibility in sheared suspensions.
3395.- Natural disasters: the chaos to come.
3396.- Order from chaos: observing hormesis at the proteome level.
3397.- Phenotypic diversity and chaos in a minimal cell model.
3398.- An improved surrogate method for detecting the presence of chaos in gait.
3399.- Fetoscopic and ultrasound-guided decompression of the fetal trachea in a human fetus with Fraser syndrome and congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS) from laryngeal atresia.
3400.- Communications technology: chaos down the line.
3401.- Chaos-based communications at high bit rates using commercial fibre-optic links.
3402.- Chaos analysis of electro encephalography and control of seizure attack of epilepsy patients.
3403.- Dynamic chaos and stability of a weakly open Bose-Einstein condensate in a double-well trap.
3404.- Chaos control and synchronization in Bragg acousto-optic bistable systems driven by a separate chaotic system.
3405.- A new route to chaos: sequences of topological torus bifurcations.
3406.- Multiple time scale chaos in a Schmitt trigger circuit.
3407.- Doctor of nursing practice: opportunity amidst chaos.
3408.- [Deterministic chaos in the dynamics of biomembrane ion channel current].
3409.- Dissipative quantum chaos: transition from wave packet collapse to explosion.
3410.- Chaotic resonance: two-state model with chaos-induced escape over potential barrier.
3411.- Temporal fluctuation of singular values caused by dynamical noise in chaos.
3412.- Chaos suppression in the parametrically driven Lorenz system.
3413.- Spatiotemporal chaos in excised larynx vibrations.
3414.- Chaos-induced coherence in two independent food chains.
3415.- Elimination of spiral chaos by periodic force for the Aliev-Panfilov model.
3416.- Chaos and the quantum phase transition in the Dicke model.
3417.- From chaos to developmental growth: Working through trauma to achieve adolescence in the analysis of an adopted Russian orphan.
3418.- Quest, chaos and restitution: living with chronic fatigue syndrome/myalgic encephalomyelitis.
3419.- The onset of chaos in the vibrational dynamics of LiNC/LiCN.
3420.- Facing change in an organization: how to chart your way through the chaos.
3421.- Chaos and fractals in dynamical models of transport and reaction.
3422.- Chaos in an electromagnetically induced transparent medium inside an optical cavity.
3423.- Spectral fluctuations and 1/f noise in the order-chaos transition regime.
3424.- Transition to chaos in a confined two-dimensional fluid flow.
3425.- Tsallis' q index and Mori's q phase transitions at the edge of chaos.
3426.- Chaos-induced intensification of wave scattering.
3427.- The danger of wishing for chaos.
3428.- Adaptive chaos: mild disorder may help contain major disease.
3429.- Genome evolution in bacteria: order beneath chaos.
3430.- Complex systems: order out of chaos.
3431.- Soliton as strange attractor: nonlinear synchronization and chaos.
3432.- Wave chaos in real-world vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers.
3433.- Inducing chaos by resonant perturbations: theory and experiment.
3434.- Complex oscillations and chaos in electrostatic microelectromechanical systems under superharmonic excitations.
3435.- Slow phase relaxation as a route to quantum computing beyond the quantum chaos border.
3436.- Public-channel cryptography using chaos synchronization.
3437.- Multifractal eigenstates of quantum chaos and the Thue-Morse sequence.
3438.- Chaos synchronization in gap-junction-coupled neurons.
3439.- Phase chaos in coupled oscillators.
3440.- Role of chaos in one-dimensional heat conductivity.
3441.- Irreversible evolution of quantum chaos.
3442.- Quantum chaos algorithms and dissipative decoherence with quantum trajectories.
3443.- Elimination of spiral chaos by pulse entrainment in the Aliev-Panfilov model.
3444.- An artificial neural network that utilizes hip joint actuations to control bifurcations and chaos in a passive dynamic bipedal walking model.
3445.- Nonlinear and chaos characteristics of heart period time series: healthy aging and postural change.
3446.- Training in interventional cardiology in Europe: how to move from chaos to rational common programmes?
3447.- Brownian motion and diffusion: from stochastic processes to chaos and beyond.
3448.- Effect of noise on defect chaos in a reaction-diffusion model.
3449.- Manifestation of scarring in a driven system with wave chaos.
3450.- Efficient topological chaos embedded in the blinking vortex system.
3451.- Migraine--new perspectives from chaos theory.
3452.- [Who is listening? The narrative of the patient, chaos and chronicity].
3453.- Adverse drug reactions and avalanches: life at the edge of chaos.
3454.- General practice--chaos, complexity and innovation.
3455.- [Healing chaos].
3456.- The role of chaos in poverty and children's socioemotional adjustment.
3457.- Screwing up: under achievement as relational chaos.
3458.- Common variable immunodeficiency: the immune system in chaos.
3459.- Preoperative planning for revision total knee arthroplasty:avoiding chaos.
3460.- Consultation chaos.
3461.- The role of time delays, slow processes, and chaos in modulating the cell-cycle clock.
3462.- Experimental demonstration of chaos in a microbial food web.
3463.- Multiple alignment of genomic sequences using CHAOS, DIALIGN and ABC.
3464.- Chaos and quantum mechanics.
3465.- Chaos in orbits due to disk crossings.
3466.- Characterization of chaos: a new, fast, and effective measure.
3467.- [Chaos, so that one can see the stars dance again].
3468.- Chaos in voice, from modeling to measurement.
3469.- Chaos of vowel /a/ in Japanese patients with depression: a preliminary study.
3470.- Patient satisfaction planner. Reduce chaos to see satisfaction scores rise.
3471.- Generic prescribing -- the chaos continues.
3472.- [Anesthetic management of the ex-utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) procedure for congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS)].
3473.- Transition to spatiotemporal chaos in a two-dimensional hydrodynamic system.
3474.- Colored noise in quantum chaos.
3475.- Chaos supported stochastic resonance in a metal-ferroelectric-semiconductor heterostructure.
3476.- Experimental investigations of chaos-assisted tunneling in a microwave annular billiard.
3477.- Simple adaptive-feedback controller for identical chaos synchronization.
3478.- Bistable chaos without symmetry in generalized synchronization.
3479.- Enhanced tracer transport by the spiral defect chaos state of a convecting fluid.
3480.- Capturing chaos.
3481.- Adiposopathy, metabolic syndrome, quantum physics, general relativity, chaos and the Theory of Everything.
3482.- Developing our emergency mental health research capacity: taming the chaos in a multidisciplinary field.
3483.- The new vaccines in the UK: chaos or progress?
3484.- Generic prescribing--cost saving chaos.
3485.- Reentrant onset of chaos in tubular image states.
3486.- Fetal laryngeal stenosis/atresia and congenital high airway obstructive syndrome (CHAOS): a case report.
3487.- Weak and strong chaos in Fermi-Pasta-Ulam models and beyond.
3488.- Long way from the FPU-problem to chaos.
3489.- Breaking a chaos-noise-based secure communication scheme.
3490.- Experimental observation of Lorenz chaos in the Quincke rotor dynamics.
3491.- Order from chaos: MSDS management systems help facilities stay on top of need-to-know info.
3492.- [Classification of epilepsies: a chaos invitation].
3493.- Quantum chaos meets coherent control.
3494.- Chaos-assisted tunneling in dielectric microcavities.
3495.- On the holistic approach in cancer biology: tumor necrosis factor, colon cancer cells, chaos theory and complexity.
3496.- Measuring topological chaos.
3497.- Channeling chaos by building barriers.
3498.- Hamiltonian chaos acts like a finite energy reservoir: accuracy of the Fokker-Planck approximation.
3499.- Signatures of homoclinic motion in quantum chaos.
3500.- Order-to-chaos transition in rotational nuclei.
3501.- Nuclear masses set bounds on quantum chaos.
3502.- Routes to spatiotemporal chaos in the rheology of nematogenic fluids.
3503.- Feedback loops for chaos in activator-inhibitor systems.
3504.- The spectrum of genomic signatures: from dinucleotides to chaos game representation.
3505.- Resonance- and chaos-assisted tunneling in mixed regular-chaotic systems.
3506.- Chaos driven fusion enhancement factor at astrophysical energies.
3507.- Theoretical derivation of 1/f noise in quantum chaos.
3508.- Indicator of chaos based on the Riemannian geometric approach.
3509.- Delayed feedback control of chaos: bifurcation analysis.
3510.- Enhancing chaoticity of spatiotemporal chaos.
3511.- Controlling chaos in a weakly coupled array of Bose-Einstein condensates.
3512.- Statistics of spectra for critical quantum chaos in one-dimensional quasiperiodic systems.
3513.- Thriving in chaos: Educating the nurse leaders of the future.
3514.- Home chaos: sociodemographic, parenting, interactional, and child correlates.
3515.- Order or chaos? An evaluation of the regulation of protein kinase CK2.
3516.- Complex consultations and the 'edge of chaos'.
3517.- Bringing order to chaos.
3518.- Chaos in hepatology: do we know what our patients are taking?
3519.- [11-M emergency assistance. Organized chaos].
3520.- Atoms in double-delta-kicked periodic potentials: chaos with long-range correlations.
3521.- Scaling properties of growing noninfinitesimal perturbations in space-time chaos.
3522.- Scattering off two oscillating disks: dilute chaos.
3523.- Spatiotemporal chaos stimulated by transverse Hopf instabilities in an optical bilayer system.
3524.- Dynamics of semiconductor lasers with bidirectional optoelectronic coupling: stability, route to chaos, and entrainment.
3525.- Chaos from Hopf bifurcation in a fluid flow experiment.
3526.- Chaos-induced escape over a potential barrier.
3527.- Entanglement and chaos in a square billiard with a magnetic field.
3528.- [Undifferentiated pancreatic carcinomas. Leap into chaos].
3529.- Effect of chaos pass filtering on message decoding quality using chaotic external-cavity laser diodes.
3530.- Food chain chaos with canard explosion.
3531.- Public-key encryption with chaos.
3532.- Localized error bursts in estimating the state of spatiotemporal chaos.
3533.- Experimental observation of delay-induced radio frequency chaos in a transmission line oscillator.
3534.- Reproducing chaos by variable structure recurrent neural networks.
3535.- Detrusor contractility--order out of chaos.
3536.- Nonlinear acoustics in pant hoots of common chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes): frequency jumps, subharmonics, biphonation, and deterministic chaos.
3537.- Experimental synchronization of chaos in diode lasers with polarization-rotated feedback and injection.
3538.- Evolution of genome size: multilevel selection, mutation bias or dynamical chaos?
3539.- [Application of chaos theory in analyzing the cardiac rhythm in healthy subjects at different sleep stages].
3540.- Temporal chaos versus spatial mixing in reaction-advection-diffusion systems.
3541.- Chaos near the gap soliton in a Kerr grating.
3542.- Large-amplitude oscillations and chaos in a Hamiltonian plasma system with many degrees of freedom.
3543.- Hierarchical structure description of spatiotemporal chaos.
3544.- Transient and stationary chaos of a Bose-Einstein condensate loaded into a moving optical lattice potential.
3545.- Regularity and chaos in interacting two-body systems.
3546.- Topological characterization of spatial-temporal chaos.
3547.- Synchrony & chaos in patchy ecosystems.
3548.- Care after chaos: use of critical incident stress debriefing after traumatic workplace events.
3549.- The chaos theory for differentiating fetal biomagnetic brain activity in normal and pre-eclamptic pregnancies.
3550.- Structuring chaos.
3551.- Decreased nonlinear complexity and chaos during sleep in first episode schizophrenia: a preliminary report.
3552.- Turning chaos into opportunity.
3553.- Quantum-mechanical research on nonlinear resonance and the problem of quantum chaos.
3554.- Dynamical approach to the spatiotemporal aspects of the Portevin-Le Chatelier effect: chaos, turbulence, and band propagation.
3555.- Generalized synchronization of spatiotemporal chaos in a liquid crystal spatial light modulator.
3556.- Statistics of defect trajectories in spatio-temporal chaos in inclined layer convection and the complex Ginzburg-Landau equation.
3557.- [Chaos--workoholism--writer's block. Occupational disorders in physicians].
3558.- [Chaos about general practice tax continues. Traveling to Absurdistan....].
3559.- Quantum chaos of bogoliubov waves for a bose-einstein condensate in stadium billiards.
3560.- Entanglement as a signature of quantum chaos.
3561.- Controlling chaos with weak periodic signals optimized by a genetic algorithm.
3562.- Ensemble averages and nonextensivity at the edge of chaos of one-dimensional maps.
3563.- Experimental targeting and control of spatiotemporal chaos in nonlinear optics.
3564.- The downside of [too much] freedom and liberty: chaos? Plus V-exotropia; screening in France; slipped muscles; a new test for torsion.
3565.- Designing for chaos: applications of chaotic advection at the microscale.
3566.- Bifurcations and chaos in a predator-prey system with the Allee effect.
3567.- Chaos in a periodically forced chemostat with algal mortality.
3568.- From chaos to cosmogeny.
3569.- Understanding aging: revealing order out of chaos.
3570.- Got a match? Lawsuit could throw residency match into chaos.
3571.- Limit cycles, noise, and chaos in hearing.
3572.- Chaos in practically isolated microcavity lasers.
3573.- Standing-wave oscillations in binary mixture convection: from the onset via symmetry breaking to period doubling into chaos.
3574.- Logarithmic periodicities in the bifurcations of type-I intermittent chaos.
3575.- Horizontal thermocapillary convection of succinonitrile: steady state, instabilities, and transition to chaos.
3576.- Random Boolean network model exhibiting deterministic chaos.
3577.- Control of Hamiltonian chaos as a possible tool to control anomalous transport in fusion plasmas.
3578.- Spatiotemporal chaos control with a target wave in the complex Ginzburg-Landau equation system.
3579.- Transient characteristics of chaos synchronization in a semiconductor laser subject to optical feedback.
3580.- Quantum dissipation due to the interaction with chaos.
3581.- Continuous control of chaos based on the stability criterion.
3582.- The CHAOS/DIALIGN WWW server for multiple alignment of genomic sequences.
3583.- [Shedding light on chaos theory].
3584.- Synchronization of chaos in unidirectionally coupled vertical-cavity surface-emitting semiconductor lasers.
3585.- Chaos and language.
3586.- Hit for six: Miandad's six is metaphor for chaos and complexity.
3587.- Period-adding bifurcations and chaos in a bubble column.
3588.- Multi-scale continuum mechanics: from global bifurcations to noise induced high-dimensional chaos.
3589.- Optically injected laser system: characterization of chaos, bifurcation, and control.
3590.- Wave chaos and mode-medium resonances at long-range sound propagation in the ocean.
3591.- Spatial chaos of trapped Bose-Einstein condensate in one-dimensional weak optical lattice potential.
3592.- Statistical properties of dynamical chaos.
3593.- Controlling fast chaos in delay dynamical systems.
3594.- Nonextensive Pesin identity: exact renormalization group analytical results for the dynamics at the edge of chaos of the logistic map.
3595.- [Terminological chaos in cardiopulmonary exercise tests].
3596.- Real-time computation at the edge of chaos in recurrent neural networks.
3597.- Radon time variations and deterministic chaos.
3598.- Bringing order out of chaos: a culturally competent approach to managing the problems of refugees and victims of organized violence.
3599.- Parents' experiences of asthma: process from chaos to coping.
3600.- Haiti emerging from chaos to face health care crisis.
3601.- Health care system chaos should spur innovation: summary of a report of the Society of General Internal Medicine Task Force on the Domain of General Internal Medicine.
3602.- Topological signature of deterministic chaos in short nonstationary signals from an optical parametric oscillator.
3603.- Autocorrelation function and spectral linewidth of spiral chaos in a physical experiment.
3604.- Estimating model parameters by chaos synchronization.
3605.- Plankton lattices and the role of chaos in plankton patchiness.
3606.- Chaos-induced modulation of reliability boosts output firing rate in downstream cortical areas.
3607.- Period doubling and deterministic chaos in continuously pumped regenerative amplifiers.
3608.- Chaos may enhance information transmission in the inferior olive.
3609.- Thought out of chaos.
3610.- Chaos and self-organization: emergent patterns at critical life transitions.
3611.- Linear and nonlinear measures of blood pressure variability: increased chaos of blood pressure time series in patients with panic disorder.
3612.- Chaos.
3613.- Error function attack of chaos synchronization based encryption schemes.
3614.- Ray chaos and ray clustering in an ocean waveguide.
3615.- Universality in active chaos.
3616.- Multimodal synchronization of chaos.
3617.- Simulation of topological chaos in laminar flows.
3618.- Chaos-induced pulse trains in the ionization of hydrogen.
3619.- Chaos in an exact relativistic three-body self-gravitating system.
3620.- Global superdiffusion of weak chaos.
3621.- Transition to space-time chaos in an optical loop with translational transport.
3622.- Critical dynamic events at the crisis of transition to spatiotemporal chaos.
3623.- Influence of noise on chaos in nearly Hamiltonian systems.
3624.- Demonstration of a chaos generator with two time delays.
3625.- Molecular hijacking and intracellular chaos.
3626.- Controlling chaos in a Lorenz-like system using feedback.
3627.- Dynamical origin for the occurrence of asynchronous hyperchaos and chaos via blowout bifurcations.
3628.- Competition between chaos and order: mixing and segregation in a spherical tumbler.
3629.- Semiclassical description of chaos-assisted tunneling.
3630.- Superconductor-proximity effect in hybrid structures: fractality versus chaos.
3631.- Thriving in the midst of chaos: Presidential address.
3632.- The Politics of SARS - Rational Responses or Ambiguity, Symbols and Chaos?
3633.- Propagation dynamics of weakly localized cnoidal waves in dispersion-managed fiber: from stability to chaos.
3634.- Is there chaos in the brain? II. Experimental evidence and related models.
3635.- Classical chaos with Bose-Einstein condensates in tilted optical lattices.
3636.- Relativistic chaos is coordinate invariant.
3637.- Ray chaos in optical cavities based upon standard laser mirrors.
3638.- Chaos and its quantization in dynamical Jahn-Teller systems.
3639.- Semiclassical study on tunneling processes via complex-domain chaos.
3640.- Dual synchronization of chaos in Colpitts electronic oscillators and its applications for communications.
3641.- Could the theory of chaos contribute to the interpretation of pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome?
3642.- Nepal: a lesson from chaos.
3643.- Bringing order to the glutamate chaos in schizophrenia.
3644.- Will revolution bring chaos?
3645.- Chaos game representation of protein sequences based on the detailed HP model and their multifractal and correlation analyses.
3646.- Effect of nortriptyline and paroxetine on measures of chaos of heart rate time series in patients with panic disorder.
3647.- Theory of explosive beam spreading due to ray chaos.
3648.- Meaning out of chaos: a way to understand chronic pain.
3649.- Probing chaos in search of health.
3650.- Characteristics of period adding bifurcation without chaos in firing pattern transitions in an experimental neural pacemaker.
3651.- Chaos to comprehension: cleaning, sterilization, and disinfection.
3652.- [Systemic solution-oriented counseling in surgery--report of experiences: neither fighting chaos nor fearing it].
3653.- Collapse of spatiotemporal chaos.
3654.- Generalized synchronization of chaos in identical systems with hidden degrees of freedom.
3655.- Self-emergence of chaos in the identification of irregular periodic behavior.
3656.- Open versus closed units: chaos versus a well-oiled machine.
3657.- Temperature chaos, rejuvenation, and memory in Migdal-Kadanoff spin glasses.
3658.- Overlapping of nonlinear resonances and the problem of quantum chaos.
3659.- Hole-defect chaos in the one-dimensional complex Ginzburg-Landau equation.
3660.- Zeta function zeros, powers of primes, and quantum chaos.
3661.- Suppression of spiral waves and spatiotemporal chaos by generating target waves in excitable media.
3662.- Experimental Chua-plasma phase synchronization of chaos.
3663.- Plunging into the chaos of the cytokine/chemokine cocktail in pulmonary fibrosis: how many and how important are they?
3664.- Correcting regulatory chaos: is there light at the tunnel's end?
3665.- Controlling chaos in a chaotic neural network.
3666.- Observation of the synchronization of chaos in mutually injected vertical-cavity surface-emitting semiconductor lasers.
3667.- Regarding "chaos and schizophrenia: does the method fit the madness?".
3668.- Mathematics. Chaos: useful at last?
3669.- Can potentially useful dynamics to solve complex problems emerge from constrained chaos and/or chaotic itinerancy?
3670.- Dynamic synchronization and chaos in an associative neural network with multiple active memories.
3671.- Energy conversion by autonomous regulation of chaos: dynamical mechanism of loose coupling.
3672.- Controlling transient dynamics to communicate with homoclinic chaos.
3673.- Turbulence: suddenly it's chaos.
3674.- Chaos-induced resistivity in the magnetic null region: a nonlinear mechanism of collisionless dissipation.
3675.- Generalized synchronization of chaos in He-Ne lasers.
3676.- Experimental realization of chaos control by thresholding.
3677.- Ordering chaos by random shortcuts.
3678.- Bifurcations and chaos in the cries of full-term and preterm infants.
3679.- Emergency room chaos.
3680.- Order from chaos: organizational aspects of information, education, and communication (a case study from Mali).
3681.- Defect-mediated turbulence in systems with local deterministic chaos.
3682.- Calculus, chaos, and other models of emergency department crowding.
3683.- Information flow in chaos synchronization: fundamental tradeoffs in precision, delay, and anticipation.
3684.- Chaos control and synchronization, with input saturation, via recurrent neural networks.
3685.- Inflammatory mediators in children undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass: is there a unified field theory amidst this biomolecular chaos?
3686.- Enzyme replacement therapy: conception, chaos and culmination.
3687.- Quantum computing of quantum chaos in the kicked rotator model.
3688.- Influence of solitons on the transition to spatiotemporal chaos in coupled map lattices.
3689.- Transitions from spatiotemporal chaos to cluster and complete synchronization states in a shift-invariant set of coupled nonlinear oscillators.
3690.- Direct scattering processes and signatures of chaos in quantum waveguides.
3691.- Critical statistics in quantum chaos and Calogero-Sutherland model at finite temperature.
3692.- Low-order chaos in sympathetic nerve activity and scaling of heartbeat intervals.
3693.- Control of chaos by capture and release.
3694.- Mean flow and spiral defect chaos in Rayleigh-Bénard convection.
3695.- Shil'nikov homoclinic chaos is intimately related to type-III intermittency in isolated rabbit arteries: role of nitric oxide.
3696.- Noise-induced failures of chaos stabilization: large fluctuations and their control.
3697.- Quantum-dot ground-state energies and spin polarizations: soft versus hard chaos.
3698.- Drastic facilitation of the onset of global chaos.
3699.- Quantum Andreev map: a paradigm of quantum chaos in superconductivity.
3700.- Anomalous spatio-temporal chaos in a two-dimensional system of nonlocally coupled oscillators.
3701.- Topological analysis of chaos in neural spike train bursts.
3702.- Optimal chaos control through reinforcement learning.
3703.- Chaos in spacecraft attitude motion in Earth's magnetic field.
3704.- Wave analysis of ray chaos in underwater acoustics.
3705.- Numerical study of chaos based on a shell model.
3706.- The control of high-dimensional chaos in time-delay systems to an arbitrary goal dynamics.
3707.- Numerical study of reverse period doubling route from chaos to stability in a two-mode intracavity doubled Nd-YAG laser.
3708.- Ripening of surface phases coupled with oscillatory dynamics and self-induced spatial chaos through surface roughening.
3709.- Erratum: "Vortex dynamics in three-dimensional continuous myocardium with fiber rotation: Filament instability and fibrillation" [Chaos 8, 20-47 (1998)].
3710.- Using chaos to generate variations on movement sequences.
3711.- Communication with chemical chaos in the presence of noise.
3712.- Communicating with noise: How chaos and noise combine to generate secure encryption keys.
3713.- Chaos suppression in gas-solid fluidization.
3714.- Chaos in a dynamic model of traffic flows in an origin-destination network.
3715.- On the evidence of deterministic chaos in ECG: Surrogate and predictability analysis.
3716.- Order and chaos in the planar isosceles three-body problem.
3717.- Chaos and irreversibility in simple model systems.
3718.- Chaos and irreversibility: Introductory Comments.
3719.- Synchronization and control of spatiotemporal chaos using time-series data from local regions.
3720.- Tracking controlled chaos: Theoretical foundations and applications.
3721.- Control and synchronization of chaos in high dimensional systems: Review of some recent results.
3722.- Synchronizing spatiotemporal chaos.
3723.- Adaptive strategies for recognition, noise filtering, control, synchronization and targeting of chaos.
3724.- Maintenance of chaos in a computational model of a thermal pulse combustor.
3725.- Stability analysis of fixed points via chaos control.
3726.- Controlling chaos in a fast diode resonator using extended time-delay autosynchronization: Experimental observations and theoretical analysis.
3727.- Control of chaos in excitable physiological systems: A geometric analysis.
3728.- Introduction: Control and synchronization of chaos.
3729.- An extension to chaos control via Lie derivatives: Fully linearizable systems.
3730.- Instabilities and spatio-temporal chaos of long-wave hexagon patterns in rotating Marangoni convection.
3731.- Collective chaos synchronization of pairs of modes in a chaotic three-mode laser.
3732.- Winnerless competition between sensory neurons generates chaos: A possible mechanism for molluscan hunting behavior.
3733.- Chaos in the relativistic two-electron atom.
3734.- Chaos control by using Motor Maps.
3735.- Food chain chaos due to Shilnikov's orbit.
3736.- The effect of Lagrangian chaos on locking bifurcations in shear flows.
3737.- Open problems in active chaotic flows: Competition between chaos and order in granular materials.
3738.- Generating chaos with a switching piecewise-linear controller.
3739.- Erratum: "A fractional diffusion equation for a marker in porous media" [Chaos 11, 495 (2001)].
3740.- Symmetry breaking, bifurcations, quasiperiodicity, and chaos due to electric fields in a coupled cell model.
3741.- Lagrangian chaos and Eulerian chaos in shear flow dynamics.
3742.- Food chain chaos due to junction-fold point.
3743.- Robust chaos in a model of the electroencephalogram: Implications for brain dynamics.
3744.- Response to "Comment on 'Finding finite-time invariant manifolds in two-dimensional velocity fields' " [Chaos 11, 427 (2001)].
3745.- Comment on "Finding finite-time invariant manifolds in two-dimensional velocity fields" [Chaos 10, 99 (2000)].
3746.- Anticontrol of chaos in continuous-time systems via time-delay feedback.
3747.- The Sinai billiard, square torus, and field chaos.
3748.- From parametric gap solitons to chaos by means of second-harmonic generation in Bragg gratings.
3749.- Quantum chaos of an ion trapped in a linear ion trap.
3750.- Quantum chaos for the radially vibrating spherical billiard.
3751.- Stalactite basin structure of dynamical systems with transient chaos in an invariant manifold.
3752.- Pathological tremors: Deterministic chaos or nonlinear stochastic oscillators?
3753.- Evaluation of the smoothed interference pattern under conditions of ray chaos.
3754.- Food chain chaos due to transcritical point.
3755.- The spatial logistic map as a simple prototype for spatiotemporal chaos.
3756.- Manipulating epileptiform bursting in the rat hippocampus using chaos control and adaptive techniques.
3757.- Guideline chaos: conflicting recommendations for preoperative cardiac assessment.
3758.- Practical applications of chaos theory to the modulation of human ageing: nature prefers chaos to regularity.
3759.- Data explosion: bringing order to chaos with bioinformatics.
3760.- Chaos-assisted capture of irregular moons.
3761.- Automated MCI patient tracking: managing mass casualty chaos via the Internet.
3762.- Experimental characterization of transition to chaos in the presence of noise.
3763.- Chaos.
3764.- Archaeology. Ten millennia of culture pilfered amid Baghdad chaos.
3765.- Chaos in temperature in the Sherrington-Kirkpatrick model.
3766.- Penta-hepta defect chaos in a model for rotating hexagonal convection.
3767.- Chaos in a relativistic 3-body self-gravitating system.
3768.- Pattern formation on the edge of chaos: experiments with CO oxidation on a Pt(110) surface under global delayed feedback.
3769.- Pattern formation on the edge of chaos: mathematical modeling of CO oxidation on a Pt(110) surface under global delayed feedback.
3770.- Control of chaos by occasional bang-bang.
3771.- Magnetic field chaos in the Sherrington-Kirkpatrick model.
3772.- Simulation strategies and signatures of chaos in classical nonlinear response.
3773.- Polarization message encoding through vectorial chaos synchronization in vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers.
3774.- Theoretical and experimental aspects of chaos control by time-delayed feedback.
3775.- The geometry of chaos synchronization.
3776.- Conditions for efficient chaos-based communication.
3777.- Comment on "Exact solutions to chaotic and stochastic systems" [Chaos 11, 1 (2001)].
3778.- Signatures of deterministic chaos in dyslipidemic erythrocytes under shear stress.
3779.- Statistics of defect motion in spatiotemporal chaos in inclined layer convection.
3780.- The frustrated and compositional nature of chaos in small Hopfield networks.
3781.- Chaos in Neural Networks Composed of Coincidence Detector Neurons.
3782.- Nonlinear dynamics: Synchronization from chaos.
3783.- Deterministic chaos in a diode-pumped Nd:YAG laser passively Q switched by a Cr4+:YAG crystal.
3784.- Bandwidth-enhanced chaos synchronization in strongly injection-locked semiconductor lasers with optical feedback.
3785.- Dual synchronization of chaos in microchip lasers.
3786.- Chaos and chronos in the human brain: a tribute to Franz Halberg.
3787.- Competition of spiral-defect chaos and rolls in Rayleigh-Bénard convection under shear flow.
3788.- Dual synchronization of chaos in one-way coupled microchip lasers.
3789.- Noise-induced unstable dimension variability and transition to chaos in random dynamical systems.
3790.- Controlling chaos to solutions with complex eigenvalues.
3791.- Chaos based on Riemannian geometric approach to Abelian-Higgs dynamical system.
3792.- Noise-enhanced synchronization of homoclinic chaos in a CO2 laser.
3793.- Chaos-assisted instanton tunneling in one-dimensional perturbed periodic potential.
3794.- Comment on "Symmetrical temperature-chaos effect with positive and negative temperature shifts in a spin glass".
3795.- Genetic chaos and antichaos in human cancers.
3796.- CPOE order from chaos.
3797.- [A new drug which saves lives. Sepsis: chaos in the body--recent aspects of pathophysiology and therapy].
3798.- Acoustic ray chaos and billiard system in Hamiltonian formalism.
3799.- Chaos, computers, and critical care.
3800.- The histopathology of pediatric celiac disease: order must prevail out of chaos.
3801.- Quantum chaos triggered by precursors of a quantum phase transition: the dicke model.
3802.- Lipid rafts: bringing order to chaos.
3803.- [Chaos in electroencephalogram].
3804.- Chaos attractors of ventricular elastance to evaluate cardiac performance.
3805.- Chaos and schizophrenia: does the method fit the madness?
3806.- Quantum chaos in optical systems: the annular billiard.
3807.- Two-dimensional maps at the edge of chaos: numerical results for the Henon map.
3808.- Wave chaos in the elastic disk.
3809.- Chaos-based secure communications in a large community.
3810.- Tailoring wavelets for chaos control.
3811.- Fidelity decay as an efficient indicator of quantum chaos.
3812.- Managing disaster: turning chaos into opportunity for improvement.
3813.- An algorithm for estimating chaos in mechanoemission of blood and magnetic resonance imaging in patients with gastric cancer.
3814.- Quantum chaos and 1/f noise.
3815.- Nonequilibrium probabilistic dynamics of the logistic map at the edge of chaos.
3816.- Suppression of spatial chaos via noise-induced growth of arrays of spatial solitons.
3817.- Noise-induced Hopf-bifurcation-type sequence and transition to chaos in the lorenz equations.
3818.- Promoting the resiliency of children and families amidst chaos and uncertainty.
3819.- Order in Pollock's chaos.
3820.- Does chaos theory have major implications for philosophy of medicine?
3821.- Is there going to be some order after the electronic chaos?: a supplement to the instructions for authors.
3822.- Mycardial ischemia and determined chaos in integral homeostatic regulation.
3823.- Chaos in Human Rhythmic Movement.
3824.- Cell biology. Chaos reigns in RNA transcription.
3825.- Geodesic chaos around quadrupolar deformed centers of attraction.
3826.- Chaos and flights in the atom-photon interaction in cavity QED.
3827.- Time-optimal chaos control by center manifold targeting.
3828.- Universal renormalization-group dynamics at the onset of chaos in logistic maps and nonextensive statistical mechanics.
3829.- Why temperature chaos in spin glasses is hard to observe.
3830.- New markers for cervical dysplasia to visualise the genomic chaos created by aberrant oncogenic papillomavirus infections.
3831.- Has the chaos of ventricular fibrillation become clearer?
3832.- Mentoring at the edge of chaos.
3833.- The connections between the frustrated chaos and the intermittency chaos in small Hopfield networks.
3834.- On the dynamics of discrete food chains: low- and high-frequency behavior and optimality of chaos.
3835.- Major depression with ischemic heart disease: effects of paroxetine and nortriptyline on measures of nonlinearity and chaos of heart rate.
3836.- Nonlinear measures of respiration: respiratory irregularity and increased chaos of respiration in patients with panic disorder.
3837.- Comment on "ruling out chaos in compact binary systems".
3838.- Chaos.
3839.- Order in chaos: transforming best-of-breed solutions into integrated solutions.
3840.- Harmonic modulation instability and spatiotemporal chaos.
3841.- Misleading signatures of quantum chaos.
3842.- Stability and optimal parameters for continuous feedback chaos control.
3843.- Ergodic chaos-based communication schemes.
3844.- Quantum chaos induced by nonadiabatic coupling in wave-packet dynamics.
3845.- Dynamical behavior of a complex fluid near an out-of-equilibrium transition: approaching simple rheological chaos.
3846.- The Korean experience: vignettes from cloister to chaos--and back.
3847.- Survival tips in organizational chaos and change. "What is now will not be in the future--the future is now".
3848.- Microextensive chaos of a spatially extended system.
3849.- Inverse anticipating chaos synchronization.
3850.- Control of chaos by random noise in a system of two coupled perturbed van der Pol oscillators modeling an electrical discharge plasma.
3851.- Using Lyapunov exponents to predict the onset of chaos in nonlinear oscillators.
3852.- Comparison of time-delayed feedback schemes for spatiotemporal control of chaos in a reaction-diffusion system with global coupling.
3853.- Generalized synchronization of chaos in noninvertible maps.
3854.- Controlling chaos in higher dimensional maps with constant feedback: an analytical approach.
3855.- Open-loop sustained chaos and control: a manifold approach.
3856.- Averages and critical exponents in type-III intermittent chaos.
3857.- Rheological chaos in a scalar shear-thickening model.
3858.- Chaos theory as a planning tool for community-based educational experiences for health students.
3859.- Chaos theory.
3860.- Genetic training of network using chaos concept: application to QSAR studies of vibration modes of tetrahedral halides.
3861.- Testing statistical bounds on entanglement using quantum chaos.
3862.- Symmetrical temperature-chaos effect with positive and negative temperature shifts in a spin glass.
3863.- Cardiac chaos: implications for congestive heart failure.
3864.- Slower speed and stronger coupling: adaptive mechanisms of chaos synchronization.
3865.- Synchronization of chaos in microchip lasers by using incoherent feedback.
3866.- Chaos and the continuum limit in the gravitational N-body problem. II. Nonintegrable potentials.
3867.- Application of chaos theory to solving the problems of social and environmental decline in Lesotho.
3868.- The spinocerebellar ataxias: order emerges from chaos.
3869.- Population dynamics with a refuge: fractal basins and the suppression of chaos.
3870.- Relationship between obsessive-compulsive disorder and chaos.
3871.- Nonlinear Dynamics and Chaos in Astrophysics: A Festschrift in Honor of George Contopoulos. Proceedings of the thirteenth conference of the series Florida Workshops in Nonlinear Astronomy. February 12-14, 1998. Gainesville, Florida, USA.
3872.- Decreased chaos of heart rate time series in children of patients with panic disorder.
3873.- The twin poles of order and chaos. Development as a dynamic, self-ordering system.
3874.- Death by necrosis. Uncontrollable catastrophe, or is there order behind the chaos?
3875.- Fasting induces cyanide-resistant respiration and oxidative stress in the amoeba Chaos carolinensis: implications for the cubic structural transition in mitochondrial membranes.
3876.- Critical properties of the synchronization transition in space-time chaos.
3877.- Chaos in cosmological Hamiltonians.
3878.- Chaos in the centers of galaxies.
3879.- Dynamical spectra and the onset of chaos.
3880.- One-dimensional Potts model, Lee-Yang edges, and chaos.
3881.- Synchronization of chaos due to linear response in optically driven semiconductor lasers.
3882.- Quantum chaos in a ripple billiard.
3883.- Information theoretic approach to quantify complete and phase synchronization of chaos.
3884.- Synchronization regimes of optical-feedback-induced chaos in unidirectionally coupled semiconductor lasers.
3885.- Spatial periodic synchronization of chaos in coupled ring and linear arrays of chaotic systems.
3886.- Information transfer in chaos-based communication.
3887.- Chaos in two-loop negative feedback systems.
3888.- Comment on "Stable quantum computation of unstable classical chaos".
3889.- Phase-space transport of stochastic chaos in population dynamics of virus spread.
3890.- The device and algorithm for estimation of the mechanoemisson chaos in blood of patients with gastric cancer.
3891.- Order out of chaos: assembly of ligand binding sites in heparan sulfate.
3892.- Chaos theory as a new paradigm in psychoanalysis. A contribution to the discussion of models.
3893.- From chaos to complex order: personal values and resources in the process of psychotherapy.
3894.- The chaos factor: sharps injuries in the ED.
3895.- CHAOS THEORYAS A NEW PARADIGM IN PSYCHOANALYSIS: A CONTRIBUTION TO THE DISCUSSION OF MODELS.
3896.- Order out of chaos: the use of a matrix to validate curriculum integrity.
3897.- Delayed self-synchronization in homoclinic chaos.
3898.- Effect of colored noises on spatiotemporal chaos in the complex Ginzburg-Landau equation.
3899.- Lorenz-like systems and classical dynamical equations with memory forcing: an alternate point of view for singling out the origin of chaos.
3900.- Bailout embeddings, targeting of invariant tori, and the control of Hamiltonian chaos.
3901.- Phase control of nonadiabaticity-induced quantum chaos in an optical lattice.
3902.- Topological analysis of chaos in a three-variable biochemical model.
3903.- Nurses are the key to ending A&E chaos.
3904.- [Organization versus chaos in the hospital].
3905.- Professional Practice advocacy: a multipurpose approach to chaos in the health care system.
3906.- Diminished chaos of heart rate time series in patients with major depression.
3907.- Making order from chaos: the misguided frontal lobe.
3908.- France sleepwalks into chaos.
3909.- Chaos, complexity and nursing.
3910.- Order out of chaos.
3911.- Absence of chaos in Bohmian dynamics.
3912.- Controlling Hamiltonian chaos via Gaussian curvature.
3913.- Frozen spatial chaos induced by boundaries.
3914.- Analysis of the bifurcation diagram of a hybrid bistable system with feedback controls of chaos.
3915.- Experimental observation of a torus-doubling transition to chaos near the ferroelectric phase transition of a KH2PO4 crystal.
3916.- Homoclinic crossing in open systems: chaos in periodically perturbed monopole plus quadrupolelike potentials.
3917.- Boundedness of dynamical systems and chaos synchronization.
3918.- Chaos and reconnection in relativistic cyclotron motion in an elliptically polarized electric field.
3919.- Desynchronization of chaos in coupled logistic maps.
3920.- Complexity of routes to chaos and global regularity of fractal dimensions in bimodal maps.
3921.- Chaos in neural networks with a nonmonotonic transfer function.
3922.- Intrinsic localized modes and chaos in damped driven rotator lattices.
3923.- Map from one-dimensional quantum field theory to quantum chaos on a two-dimensional torus.
3924.- Classical and quantum chaos in a circular billiard with a straight cut.
3925.- Pauli principle and chaos in a magnetized disk.
3926.- Signatures of chaos in the entanglement of two coupled quantum kicked tops.
3927.- Self-sustained oscillations and chaos in space charge limited currents.
3928.- Computing with distributed chaos.
3929.- Semiclassical interaction of moving two-level atoms with a cavity field: from integrability to Hamiltonian chaos.
3930.- Bi-instability as a precursor to global mixed-mode chaos.
3931.- Controlling and synchronizing space time chaos.
3932.- Bifurcations and chaos in a parametrically damped two-well Duffing oscillator subjected to symmetric periodic pulses.
3933.- Surface restructuring, kinetic oscillations, and chaos in heterogeneous catalytic reactions.
3934.- Efficient strategy for the occasionally proportional feedback method in controlling chaos.
3935.- Controlling chaos in low- and high-dimensional systems with periodic parametric perturbations.
3936.- Synchronizing chaos in an experimental chaotic pendulum using methods from linear control theory.
3937.- Trapped to free: a mechanism to spatiotemporal chaos.
3938.- [Analysis of ECG in ventricular fibrillation in man and animals based on chaos theory].
3939.- Chaos and order in plankton dynamics. Complex behavior of a simple model.
3940.- Government acts to end A&E chaos.
3941.- Chaos, error and fraud costing NHS millions.
3942.- Exciting chaos with noise: unexpected dynamics in epidemic outbreaks.
3943.- Surfing the edge of chaos. Interview by Joe Flower and Patrice Guillaume.
3944.- Chaos in learning a simple two-person game.
3945.- Transition to chaos in continuous-time random dynamical systems.
3946.- Fluctuations and decoherence in chaos-assisted tunneling.
3947.- Nodal domains statistics: a criterion for quantum chaos.
3948.- Spiral-defect chaos: Swift-Hohenberg model versus Boussinesq equations.
3949.- Low-dimensional chaos in zero-Prandtl-number Bénard-Marangoni convection.
3950.- Microscopic chaos from Brownian motion in a one-dimensional anharmonic oscillator chain.
3951.- Asymmetric unimodal maps at the edge of chaos.
3952.- The relevance of continuity of care: a solution for the chaos in the emergency services.
3953.- Effects of non-ionic micelles on transient chaos in an unstirred Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction.
3954.- Identification of the intermittency-I route to chaos in oscillating CO oxidation on zeolite-supported Pd.
3955.- Microtubule organization in the green kingdom: chaos or self-order?
3956.- Crisis. What crisis? The myth of Medicare chaos.
3957.- New attempt of ultrasonic tissue characterization: decreased chaos in myocardial echo in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy.
3958.- A case for chaos theory in nursing.
3959.- Edge of chaos.
3960.- Edge of chaos.
3961.- Chaos -- no randomness in cardiac physiology.
3962.- Quantum dissipative chaos in the statistics of excitation numbers.
3963.- Nuclear masses: evidence of order-chaos coexistence.
3964.- Neural network model for apparent deterministic chaos in spontaneously bursting hippocampal slices.
3965.- Experimental observation of wave chaos in a conventional optical resonator.
3966.- Parameter evaluation from time sequences using chaos synchronization.
3967.- Characterization of the parameter-mismatching effect on the loss of chaos synchronization.
3968.- Controlling chaos in unidimensional maps using macroevolutionary algorithms.
3969.- External feedback control of chaos using approximate periodic orbits.
3970.- Wave function correlations on the ballistic scale: exploring quantum chaos by quantum disorder.
3971.- Defining the genetic chaos in myeloma.
3972.- Heart rate time series: decreased chaos after intravenous lactate and increased non-linearity after isoproterenol in normal subjects.
3973.- Using chaos theory: the implications for nursing.
3974.- Chaos and self-organization as a consequence of spiritual disequilibrium. 1996.
3975.- From chaos to chaos. An analysis of a discrete age-structured prey-predator model.
3976.- Chaos-induced resistivity in collisionless magnetic reconnection.
3977.- Explicitly solvable cases of one-dimensional quantum chaos.
3978.- Instability, chaos, and "memory" in acoustic-wave-crack interaction.
3979.- Chaos, ergodicity, and the thermodynamics of lower-dimensional time-independent Hamiltonian systems.
3980.- Periodic orbits in Hamiltonian chaos of the annular billiard.
3981.- Maintenance of transient chaos using a neural-network-assisted feedback control.
3982.- Avoiding quantum chaos in quantum computation.
3983.- Phase bubbles and spatiotemporal chaos in granular patterns.
3984.- Hyaluronan: polysaccharide chaos to protein organisation.
3985.- Chaos and order.
3986.- [The chaos theory and physiology of the heart].
3987.- Annotated bibliography of chaos for occupational therapy.
3988.- Is the National Health Service at the edge of chaos?
3989.- Combination vaccines: choices or chaos? A practitioner's perspective.
3990.- Why is DNA damage signaling so complicated? Chaos and molecular signaling.
3991.- Universal scaling properties of type-I intermittent chaos in isolated resistance arteries are unaffected by endogenous nitric oxide synthesis.
3992.- Electronic states in a cylindrical quantum lens: quantum chaos for decreasing system symmetry.
3993.- Symmetry-increasing bifurcation as a predictor of a chaos-hyperchaos transition in coupled systems.
3994.- Delocalization border and onset of chaos in a model of quantum computation.
3995.- Effect of evanescent modes and chaos on deterministic scattering in electron waveguides.
3996.- Transforming chaos to periodic oscillations.
3997.- Chaos and the continuum limit in the gravitational N-body problem: integrable potentials.
3998.- Atomic motion in magneto-optical double-well potentials: a testing ground for quantum chaos.
3999.- Relaxation, the Boltzmann-Jeans conjecture, and chaos.
4000.- The crystal ball of chaos.
4001.- Circadian rhythm chaos: a new breast cancer marker.
4002.- SSU rRNA-based phylogenetic position of the genera Amoeba and Chaos (Lobosea, Gymnamoebia): the origin of gymnamoebae revisited.
4003.- Qualitative chaos analysis for ventricular tachycardia and fibrillation based on symbolic complexity.
4004.- Quasi-fractal organization of the gastrovascular system of the jellyfish Aurelia aurita: order and chaos.
4005.- Chaos in Afghanistan: famine, aid, and bombs.
4006.- Genomic microarrays: arraying order in biological chaos?
4007.- Chaos in a double driven dissipative nonlinear oscillator.
4008.- Phase mixing, induced relaxation, and chaos in one-dimensional dynamical systems.
4009.- Phase synchronization and suppression of chaos through intermittency in forcing of an electrochemical oscillator.
4010.- Universality and scaling for the breakup of phase synchronization at the onset of chaos in a periodically driven Rössler oscillator.
4011.- Quantum chaos of a particle in a square well: competing length scales and dynamical localization.
4012.- Global geometric indicator of chaos and Lyapunov exponents in Hamiltonian systems.
4013.- Overcoming managed care regulatory chaos through a restructured federalism.
4014.- Chaos and stability of the solar system.
4015.- [The "near zone" effect in dynamic chaos].
4016.- [The basis of health care quality work--order or chaos?].
4017.- Ruling out chaos in compact binary systems.
4018.- How does a periodic rotating wave emerge from high-dimensional chaos in a ring of coupled chaotic oscillators?
4019.- Controlling spatiotemporal chemical chaos using delayed feedback.
4020.- Theory and applications of ray chaos to underwater acoustics.
4021.- Blowout bifurcation and stability of marginal synchronization of chaos.
4022.- Overcrowding. Chaos in your ED? Look on the bright side.
4023.- Chaos in the brain: a short review alluding to epilepsy, depression, exercise and lateralization.
4024.- UK drug company's vCJD infected drug causes chaos in Spain.
4025.- Is there chaos in the brain? I. Concepts of nonlinear dynamics and methods of investigation.
4026.- Random matrices and quantum chaos.
4027.- [Autonomic nervous system and cardiovascular system: a paradigm of self-organization, complexity, and chaos].
4028.- Quantum ripples in chaos.
4029.- Deterministic chaos and noise in three in vitro hippocampal models of epilepsy.
4030.- Chaos in a Jahn-Teller molecule.
4031.- Effects of geometrical ray chaos on the electromagnetic eigenmodes of a gradient index optical cavity.
4032.- Origin of quantum chaos for two particles interacting by short-range potentials.
4033.- Robust chaos in smooth unimodal maps.
4034.- Tunneling mechanism due to chaos in a complex phase space.
4035.- [Dynamic paradigm in psychopathology: "chaos theory", from physics to psychiatry].
4036.- Decreased chaos and increased nonlinearity of heart rate time series in patients with panic disorder.
4037.- Dynamics of the level of deterministic chaos associated with gastric electrical uncoupling in dogs.
4038.- Interaction of two one-dimensional Bose-Einstein solitons: chaos and energy exchange.
4039.- Chaos-assisted tunneling with cold atoms.
4040.- Multivalued mappings in generalized chaos synchronization.
4041.- Front propagation of spatiotemporal chaos.
4042.- Effect of asymmetry on the loss of chaos synchronization.
4043.- Controlling dissipative and Hamiltonian chaos by a constant periodic pulse method.
4044.- Nonlinear dynamics and chaos theory: concepts and applications relevant to pharmacodynamics.
4045.- Observation of chaos-assisted tunneling between islands of stability.
4046.- Titration of chaos with added noise.
4047.- Breakdown of universality in transitions to spatiotemporal chaos.
4048.- Electromagnetic wave chaos in gradient refractive index optical cavities.
4049.- Controlling spatiotemporal chaos in coupled map lattices.
4050.- Chaos induced by quantum effect due to breakdown of the Born-Oppenheimer adiabaticity.
4051.- Wave fronts and spatiotemporal chaos in an array of coupled Lorenz oscillators.
4052.- Chaos synchronization based on a continuous chaos control method in semiconductor lasers with optical feedback.
4053.- Subharmonic destruction of generalized chaos synchronization.
4054.- Taming chaos by impurities in two-dimensional oscillator arrays.
4055.- Is semiquantum chaos real?
4056.- Strong enhancement of noise-induced escape by nonadiabatic periodic driving due to transient chaos.
4057.- [New diagnostic criteria for myocardial infarction: order in chaos].
4058.- [The "new market" and computer-assisted orthopedic surgery--will CAOS end in chaos?].
4059.- Stable quantum computation of unstable classical chaos.
4060.- Spatiotemporal communication with synchronized optical chaos.
4061.- Limits to error correction in quantum chaos.
4062.- E10, BE10 and arithmetical chaos in superstring cosmology.
4063.- [CHAOS [Cambridge Heart Antioxidant Study]].
4064.- [Chaos theory in medicine].
4065.- The dream's navel between chaos and thought.
4066.- Analysis of the disease course of HIV-1 by entropic chaos degree.
4067.- Analysis of genomic sequences by Chaos Game Representation.
4068.- Creating order out of chaos: models of GNP practice with hospitalized older adults.
4069.- Statistical properties of inter-series mixing in helium: from integrability to chaos.
4070.- Synchronized chaos in geophysical fluid dynamics.
4071.- 2:1 Atrioventricular block: order from chaos.
4072.- Birhythmicity, trirhythmicity and chaos in bursting calcium oscillations.
4073.- Theory of robustness of irreversible differentiation in a stem cell system: chaos hypothesis.
4074.- Chaos and population disappearances in simple ecological models.
4075.- Controlling spatiotemporal chaos via phase space compression.
4076.- Complex periodic orbits, renormalization, and scaling for quasiperiodic golden-mean transition to chaos.
4077.- Chaos in small-world networks.
4078.- Finite size scaling of domain chaos.
4079.- Transitions of macroscopic structures and self-induced chaos observed in plasmas by a dc hollow cathode discharge having features of nonlinear open systems.
4080.- Fractals and dynamical chaos in a two-dimensional Lorentz gas with sinks.
4081.- Transport and entropy production due to chaos or turbulence.
4082.- Chaos-nonchaos phase transitions induced by external noise in ensembles of nonlinearly coupled oscillators.
4083.- Chaos, ergodic convergence, and fractal instability for a thermostated canonical harmonic oscillator.
4084.- Reply to "Comment on 'Surface restructuring, kinetic oscillations, and chaos in heterogeneous catalytic reactions' ".
4085.- Comment on "surface restructuring, kinetic oscillations, and chaos in heterogeneous catalytic reactions".
4086.- Lagrangian chaos and correlated Lévy flights in a non-Beltrami flow: transient versus long-term transport.
4087.- Optimized chaos control with simple limiters.
4088.- Critical behavior of crisis-induced transition to spatiotemporal chaos in parameter space.
4089.- Logistic map with a delayed feedback: Stability of a discrete time-delay control of chaos.
4090.- Wave of chaos: new mechanism of pattern formation in spatio-temporal population dynamics.
4091.- Chaos, cosmology and evolution. The key to understanding practice development in perioperative nursing?
4092.- Maintenance and suppression of chaos by weak harmonic perturbations: a unified view.
4093.- Exponential gain in quantum computing of quantum chaos and localization.
4094.- Strong "quantum" chaos in the global ballooning mode spectrum of three-dimensional plasmas.
4095.- Control of chaos via an unstable delayed feedback controller.
4096.- Quantum computing of quantum chaos and imperfection effects.
4097.- 'Eloquent chaos' in the oral discourse of killing fields survivors: an exploration of atrocity and narrativization.
4098.- [Prognostication of the outcome of heart valve prosthesis implantation by the method of nonlinear chaos dynamics of the heart rate].
4099.- Chaos and regular dynamics in model multi-habitat plankton-fish communities.
4100.- Biological factors underlying regularity and chaos in aquatic ecosystems: simple models of complex dynamics.
4101.- Change: chaos or challenge?
4102.- Chaos synchronization and spontaneous symmetry-breaking in symmetrically delay-coupled semiconductor lasers.
4103.- Synchronization of homoclinic chaos.
4104.- Transition to spatiotemporal chaos in the fronts dynamics of a subcritical state.
4105.- Order emerging from chaos in human evolutionary genetics.
4106.- [What is the role of the chaos theory?].
4107.- Managing the centrosome numbers game: from chaos to stability in cancer cell division.
4108.- Profiting during chaos.
4109.- Self-exciting chaos as a dynamic model for irregular neural spiking.
4110.- Scaling near the quantum chaos border in interacting fermi systems.
4111.- Chaos and coherence in the conservative three-mode decay interaction.
4112.- Comment on "Gravity waves, chaos, and spinning compact binaries".
4113.- Using chaos theory to understand a community-built occupational therapy practice.
4114.- Is Intranet technology the low cost, quick fix solution for Scotland's clinical information technology chaos? Results of a pilot study.
4115.- Continuous quantum measurement and the emergence of classical chaos.
4116.- Intermittent chaos in electron scattering.
4117.- Synchronous chaos in coupled map lattices with small-world interactions.
4118.- Failure of chaos control.
4119.- Emergence of quantum chaos in the quantum computer core and how to manage it.
4120.- Characteristics of the wave function of coupled oscillators in semiquantum chaos.
4121.- Quantum recurrences: probe to study quantum chaos.
4122.- Mental health. Care out of chaos.
4123.- Environment-induced dynamical chaos.
4124.- Period-adding bifurcations and chaos in a periodically stimulated excitable neural relaxation oscillator.
4125.- Dynamical chaos and power spectra in toy models of heteropolymers and proteins.
4126.- Analytical study of spatiotemporal chaos control by applying local injections.
4127.- Tracking sustained chaos: A segmentation method.
4128.- Quantum chaos border for quantum computing.
4129.- Synchronization of chaos in coupled systems.
4130.- Analysis of correlations and search for evidence of deterministic chaos in rhythmic motor control by the human brain.
4131.- Controlling hamiltonian chaos by adaptive integrable mode coupling.
4132.- Chaos-hyperchaos transition.
4133.- Accuracy of chaos synchronization in Nd:YVO(4) microchip lasers.
4134.- Extensive chaos in the nikolaevskii model.
4135.- Chaos or noise: difficulties of a distinction.
4136.- Delayed-feedback control of spatial bifurcations and chaos in open-flow models.
4137.- Quasiperiodicity and transition to chaos.
4138.- Chaos and fractals in geodesic motions around a nonrotating black hole with halos.
4139.- Spatiotemporal chaos and nonequilibrium transitions in a model excitable medium.
4140.- Chaos and experimental resolution.
4141.- Homoclinic chaos in vacuum rabi oscillations of moving two-level atoms.
4142.- Virus nomenclature: consensus versus chaos.
4143.- A method for detecting chaos in canine myocardial microcirculatory red cell flux.
4144.- Organized practice 2000 (and beyond): chaos or opportunity?
4145.- Ending the chaos in our healthcare system.
4146.- Inefficient, corrupt, and unreliable. The system for testing treatments is in chaos.
4147.- Triangle map: A model of quantum chaos.
4148.- Coherent structure analysis of spatiotemporal chaos.
4149.- Shear-thinning-induced chaos in taylor-couette flow.
4150.- Intermittency and dynamical chaos in reversible spontaneous emission.
4151.- Karhunen-Loeve local characterization of spatiotemporal chaos in a reaction-diffusion system.
4152.- Control of transient chaos in tent maps near crisis. II. Periodic orbit targeting.
4153.- Control of transient chaos in tent maps near crisis. I. Fixed point targeting.
4154.- Field-induced transitions and spatial chaos in the classical XY spin chain.
4155.- From local to global spatiotemporal chaos in a cardiac tissue model.
4156.- Comment on "Gravity waves, chaos, and spinning compact binaries".
4157.- [Chaos in life and death: perception is required in order to endure anxiety].
4158.- Noise-induced chaos in an optically injected semiconductor laser model.
4159.- Eliminating spatiotemporal chaos and spiral waves by weak spatial perturbations.
4160.- From low-dimensional synchronous chaos to high-dimensional desynchronous spatiotemporal chaos in coupled systems.
4161.- Chaos healing by separatrix disappearance and quasisingle helicity states of the reversed field pinch.
4162.- Controlling chaos with simple limiters.
4163.- Gravity waves, chaos, and spinning compact binaries.
4164.- Scaling at the chaos threshold for interacting electrons in a quantum Dot.
4165.- Mixed-mode oscillations and chaos in a glow discharge.
4166.- Saddle pattern resonance and onset of crisis to spatiotemporal chaos.
4167.- Bloch electrons in a magnetic field: why does chaos send electrons the hard Way?
4168.- Interpersonal and social rhythm therapy: managing the chaos of bipolar disorder.
4169.- Beyond nearest-neighbor spacing distributions: A new indicator for core-induced chaos.
4170.- First experimental evidence for chaos-assisted tunneling in a microwave annular billiard.
4171.- Riddled-like basins of transient chaos.
4172.- Weak localization in antidot arrays: signature of classical chaos.
4173.- Nonlinear dynamics: chaos and catastrophe theory.
4174.- Graphical evolution of the arnold web: from order to chaos.
4175.- Botswana wants to make HIV reporting mandatory and push counseling to reduce AIDS chaos.
4176.- Chaos in superstring cosmology.
4177.- Comment on "Nonequilibrium diffusion in zeolites due to deterministic hamiltonian chaos".
4178.- Modulated amplitude waves and the transition from phase to defect chaos.
4179.- Adaptation to the edge of chaos in the self-adjusting logistic map.
4180.- Quantum transport through ballistic cavities: soft vs hard quantum chaos.
4181.- Lagrangian chaos and the effect of drag on the enstrophy cascade in two-dimensional turbulence.
4182.- Defect chaos of oscillating hexagons in rotating convection.
4183.- Human electroencephalogram induces transient coherence in excitable spatiotemporal chaos.
4184.- Chaotic transition of random dynamical systems and chaos synchronization by common noises.
4185.- Forecasting confined spatiotemporal chaos with genetic algorithms.
4186.- Lymphomas: complexity, not chaos.
4187.- Fluctuations and the energy-optimal control of chaos.
4188.- Virus nomenclature descending into chaos.
4189.- Care emerges from chaos.
4190.- Universal learning network and its application to chaos control.
4191.- A proposed name for aperiodic brain activity: stochastic chaos.
4192.- [Chaos and dynamic instability in microbiological systems. A mathematical-microbiological reflection in the international year of mathematics].
4193.- Transient chaos in intracellular dynamics?
4194.- Blood pressure measurement: worsening chaos.
4195.- Selective chaos.
4196.- Complexity, chaos, and incomprehensibility: parsing the biology of critical illness.
4197.- [The rational and reality: between chaos and utopia].
4198.- Syndrome X, depression, and chaos: relevance to medical practice.
4199.- The controlled chaos of shifty pathogens.
4200.- Polycystic ovary syndrome nomenclature: chaos?
4201.- The pleasure of the bottomless: postmodernism, chaos and paradigm shifts.
4202.- Common prescriptions for psychology derived from dialectical materialism and chaos theory.
4203.- [Danish experiences with patient lists in the general practice system--chaos or flexibility?].
4204.- Shattered: Medawar's test tubes and their enduring legacy of chaos.
4205.- Creativity on the edge of chaos.
4206.- Mechanisms of extensive spatiotemporal chaos in Rayleigh-Benard convection.
4207.- Chaos in space and time.
4208.- Chaos greets birth of insurance system for Japan's elderly.
4209.- Cardiovascular regulation by the autonomic nervous system: a paradigm of self-organization, complexity and chaos.
4210.- Chaos, brain, and cognition: toward a nonlinear order?
4211.- [Entangled in chaos: digital management of knowledge in public health].
4212.- [Nonlinear dynamics, chaos theory and wavelet analysis of the heart].
4213.- The childhood muscular dystrophies: making order out of chaos.
4214.- The leaking anterior resection and the management of SIRS, MODS and CHAOS.
4215.- Creating confidence in the midst of chaos.
4216.- Commentary: the potential of chaos theory and complexity theory for health services management.
4217.- The chaos about heart rate chaos.
4218.- Pollen coupling of forest trees: forming synchronized and periodic reproduction out of chaos.
4219.- Hormonal Chaos: The Scientific and Social Origins of the Environmental Endocrine Hypothesis.
4220.- From chaos to order: a nursing-based psycho-education program for parents of children with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
4221.- Ordnung in das Chaos.
4222.- Endometrial intraepithelial neoplasia (EIN): will it bring order to chaos? The Endometrial Collaborative Group.
4223.- Evidence for deterministic chaos in aperiodic oscillations of proliferative activity in long-term cultured Fao hepatoma cells.
4224.- Critical quantum chaos and the one-dimensional harper model.
4225.- [Health politics: From order to chaos? Address at the Medica 1999].
4226.- Collaboration or chaos: a consumer perspective.
4227.- Study of horizontal multipaths and ray chaos due to ocean mesoscale structure.
4228.- Confusion means chaos for aged care nurses.
4229.- Assault on Columbine. EMS amid the chaos of our nation's most violent school incident.
4230.- Chaos theory, heart rate variability, and arrhythmic mortality.
4231.- The relevance of non-linear mathematics (chaos theory) to the treatment of cancer, the role of the immune response and the potential for vaccines.
4232.- Equilibrium regained: from nonequilibrium chaos to statistical mechanics.
4233.- Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura: reasons to resolve the chaos.
4234.- Challenging the dominant logic of Emergency Departments: guidelines from chaos theory.
4235.- Cytokines, chaos, and complexity.
4236.- Intrahepatic cholestasis: order out of chaos.
4237.- President's message. Chaos and complexity: preparing for the future of emergency nursing.
4238.- Chaos and complexity.
4239.- Chaos and complexity.
4240.- Chaos and complexity.
4241.- Genomic signature: characterization and classification of species assessed by chaos game representation of sequences.
4242.- Finding the trends in health care chaos. Interview by Patrick Mullen.
4243.- Cubic membrane structure in amoeba (Chaos carolinensis) mitochondria determined by electron microscopic tomography.
4244.- Teetering on the edge of chaos.
4245.- Primary care groups. Chaos theory.
4246.- Culture in chaos: the need for leadership and followership in medicine.
4247.- Does breast cancer exist in a state of chaos?
4248.- [A nurse in Naples, heat and chaos].
4249.- Chaos and heart rate variability.
4250.- No evidence of chaos in the heart rate variability of normal and cardiac transplant human subjects.
4251.- Synchronicity, chaos and population cycles: spatial coherence in an uncertain world.
4252.- A chaos-based model for low complexity predictive coding scheme for compression and transmission of electroencephalogram data.
4253.- The chaos theory and medicine.
4254.- Chaos, but in voting and apportionments?
4255.- Minimal model of arterial chaos generated by coupled intracellular and membrane Ca2+ oscillators.
4256.- Order in chaos: modelling medical management in disasters.
4257.- Mortality in the CHAOS trial. Cambridge Heart Antioxidant Study.
4258.- Chaos theory!
4259.- Subharmonic resonance and chaos in forced excitable systems.
4260.- [Synchronization of Shil'nikov chaos in modeling critical instability in the brain].
4261.- Cardiac interbeat interval dynamics from childhood to senescence : comparison of conventional and new measures based on fractals and chaos theory.
4262.- Conformational chaos of an elastin-related peptide in aqueous solution.
4263.- Alternating oscillations and chaos in a model of two coupled biochemical oscillators driving successive phases of the cell cycle.
4264.- Chaos and spectral analyses of heart rate variability during head-up tilting in essential hypertension.
4265.- Psychoanalysis and chaos theory.
4266.- Decreased chaos of midbrain dopaminergic neurons after serotonin denervation.
4267.- Some implications of chaos theory for the genetic analysis of human development and variation.
4268.- Donations of useless medicines to Kosovo contributes to chaos.
4269.- [ENT, fractals and chaos].
4270.- Cultural chaos in the trenches: staff perspectives.
4271.- Transforming cultural chaos.
4272.- A study of antenatal cocaine use-chaos in action.
4273.- Chaos and birhythmicity in a model for circadian oscillations of the PER and TIM proteins in drosophila.
4274.- Reduced chaos of interspike interval of midbrain dopaminergic neurons in aged rats.
4275.- Chaos theories and therapeutic commonalities among depression, Parkinson's disease, and cardiac arrhythmias.
4276.- Chaos reigns at medical schools over hepatitis B testing.
4277.- Chaos and the transition to ventricular fibrillation: a new approach to antiarrhythmic drug evaluation.
4278.- Teetering on the edge of chaos. Giving up control and embracing uncertainty can lead to surprising creativity.
4279.- Chaos and complexity--the future for health care HRM.
4280.- Chaos and complexity.
4281.- Chaos surrounds high-dose chemotherapy for breast cancer.
4282.- Predictability, chaos and coordination in bird vigilant behaviour.
4283.- Are vigilance sequences a consequence of intrinsic chaos or external changes?
4284.- Bioprosthetic heart valves--replacing order with chaos: electron microscopic study.
4285.- Juniors predict chaos at the millennium.
4286.- The puzzle behind electrical chaos and sudden cardiac death in the structurally normal heart.
4287.- Order and chaos in thoughts, feelings, and actions.
4288.- Characterizing critical rules at the 'edge of chaos'.
4289.- Tumour biology, chaos and non-linear dynamics.
4290.- EMS incident management: creating organization out of chaos.
4291.- Increased nuclear traffic chaos in hyphae of Aspergillus nidulans: molecular characterization of apsB and in vivo observation of nuclear behaviour.
4292.- Antibiotic administration in patients undergoing common surgical procedures in a community teaching hospital: the chaos continues.
4293.- The origin of chaos in the outer solar system.
4294.- How rational histochemistry produced order out of chaos in the "amorphous ground substance" (with a little help from biochemistry, biophysics etc.).
4295.- General practice and the new science emerging from the theories of 'chaos' and complexity.
4296.- Chaos theory. Learning a new science.
4297.- Commentary: on "a taxonomy of healthcare networks and systems: bringing order out of chaos".
4298.- A taxonomy of health networks and systems: bringing order out of chaos.
4299.- [Nurses the same age as the Pflegezeitschrift: born in chaos, successful in life] [In Process Citation].
4300.- On the meaning and measurement of affective instability: clues from chaos theory.
4301.- Mortality in the CHAOS trial.
4302.- A bestiary of chaos and biodiversity.
4303.- 'After the chaos': expected benefits of health information management.
4304.- Chaos in the cardiovascular system: an update.
4305.- 'Transitions in psychic structures in the light of deterministic chaos theory'.
4306.- President's message: chaos as a positive force.
4307.- Colorado Consortium for Nursing Work Force Development. Moving from chaos to collaboration.
4308.- Solid landmarks amidst chaos.
4309.- Chaos in cancer?
4310.- Origin of chaos in the circulation: open loop analysis with an artificial heart.
4311.- Successful ex utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) procedure for congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS) owing to laryngeal atresia.
4312.- Presence: creating order out of chaos.
4313.- From crude cardiovascular signals to chaos.
4314.- Predictability in the midst of chaos: A scientific basis for climate forecasting.
4315.- [Chaos theory and complexity in psychiatry].
4316.- Chaos, Dispersal and Extinction in Coupled Ecosystems.
4317.- Homogeneous and Spatio-temporal Chaos in Biochemical Reactions With Feedback Inhibition.
4318.- Cost-effectiveness of vitamin E therapy in the treatment of patients with angiographically proven coronary narrowing (CHAOS trial). Cambridge Heart Antioxidant Study.
4319.- The role of chaos in neural systems.
4320.- Self-organization, complexity and chaos: the new biology for medicine.
4321.- Rethinking the market: two physician organization experts offer chaos-tested advice. Interview by Mark Hagland.
4322.- Healthcare in a world of chaos: Jim Taylor talks about the 500 year delta.
4323.- Visualization of three-dimensional chaos.
4324.- Population Floors and the Persistence of Chaos in Ecological Models.
4325.- Chaos and peak-to-peak dynamics in a plankton-fish model.
4326.- Indirect effects with a keystone predator: coexistence and chaos.
4327.- Combination chaos?: The long-term psychological and social effects for patients undertaking combination therapy.
4328.- [The problem of the year 2000--are health services threatened by computer chaos?].
4329.- Use of capitation formulas for primary care groups could result in chaos.
4330.- [Chaos and medical prediction].
4331.- Incremental approaches to necessary health care reform lead to more chaos.
4332.- Randomness, chaos and confusion in the study of antipredator vigilance.
4333.- Chaos game representation of proteins.
4334.- Examination of the diagnostic value and estimation of the chaos phenomenon in masticatory movement using fractal dimension in patients with temporomandibular dysfunction syndrome.
4335.- [From Chronos to Chaos: from the determinism of circadian rhythm of arterial pressure to the undeterminism of hypertensive crises].
4336.- Chaos. A mathematics for heart and mind.
4337.- Chaos, persistence, and evolution of strain structure in antigenically diverse infectious agents.
4338.- [Meningococcal meningitis and chaos].
4339.- Adoption: from chaos to normalcy.
4340.- Vaccination policies for chaos reduction in childhood epidemics.
4341.- [Chaos and the mechanism of genetic information maintenance in cancer].
4342.- Simplification of the quasiperiodic route to chaos in agonist-induced vasomotion by iterative circle maps.
4343.- The central venous catheter as a source of medical chaos in Munchausen syndrome by proxy.
4344.- A method for introducing the concepts of chaos theory to medical students.
4345.- Entrainment, instability, quasi-periodicity, and chaos in a compound neural oscillator.
4346.- The humanistic therapies. Case study: coping with chaos.
4347.- [Kinematic deterministic chaos of fluids and fractal geometry in the carotid system].
4348.- Cardiovascular monitoring of elective aortic aneurysm repair using methods of chaos analysis.
4349.- Determining the degree of chaos from analysis of ISI time series in the nervous system: a comparison between correlation dimension and nonlinear forecasting methods.
4350.- Modern medicine and chaos theory.
4351.- Modern medicine and chaos theory.
4352.- Low-dimensional chaos in bipolar disorder?
4353.- Cricoid pressure in chaos.
4354.- Nursing entrepreneurship in an era of chaos and complexity.
4355.- [Hepatitis B virus (HBV) and the inflammatory/immune response. I. The natural environment of the antigen presentation and immunologic chaos induced by the virus].
4356.- [Ship accident--chaos in emergency medicine provisions].
4357.- Recovering from chaos.
4358.- [Contribution of non-linear mathematics (chaos theory) to EEG analysis].
4359.- Detection of "noisy" chaos in a time series.
4360.- On chaos, wholeness, and long-standing values: direction for nursing's future.
4361.- Persistence, chaos and synchrony in ecology and epidemiology.
4362.- [Milk ducts and chaos].
4363.- Cricoid pressure in chaos.
4364.- [Finding the way out of chaos together. Post-operative confusion].
4365.- [Creativeness needs chaos. Infernal crisis and creative joy at the bookfair].
4366.- Healthy chaos.
4367.- [Chaos theory and otoneurologic diagnosis].
4368.- From chaos to calm: one jail system's struggle with suicide prevention.
4369.- Teaching nurses to think boldly in a time of chaos.
4370.- Chaos in protein dynamics.
4371.- Health care applications of complexity science. Life at the edge of chaos.
4372.- Spatiotemporal complexity of ventricular fibrillation revealed by tissue mass reduction in isolated swine right ventricle. Further evidence for the quasiperiodic route to chaos hypothesis.
4373.- A piece of my mind. Chaos, and the limits of modern medicine.
4374.- Chaos in nursing: make it work for you.
4375.- Frustrated chaos in biological networks.
4376.- The most important unresolved issue in the addictions: conceptual chaos.
4377.- Decrease of cardiac chaos in congestive heart failure.
4378.- Evolutionarily stable strategy, stable state, periodic cycle and chaos in a simple discrete time two-phenotype model.
4379.- Computer analysis of environmental temperature, light and noise in intensive care: chaos or chronome nurseries?
4380.- Clinical studies for systemic lupus erythematosus. From chaos to rigor.
4381.- Chaos theory.
4382.- Sustainability and chaos: are they commensurable?
4383.- Transitions in psychic structures in the light of deterministic chaos theory.
4384.- Chaos in the brickyard revisited: on research integration, accumulated knowledge and evidence-based practice in the exercise and sport sciences.
4385.- Organized chaos.
4386.- Spiritual chaos: an alternative conceptualisation of grief.
4387.- Elimination of chaos in a multilongitudinal-mode, diode-pumped, 6-W continuous-wave, intracavity-doubled Nd:YAG laser.
4388.- From chaos to excellence: preparing for a successful Joint Commission survey.
4389.- Extraction of 40 Hz EEG bursts for chaos analysis of brain function.
4390.- [From plan to chaos? Norwegian health care through 50 turbulent years].
4391.- Chaos in Glycolysis.
4392.- Chaos, exploitation and heartache for enrolled nurses.
4393.- [Physician team or medical director system--hierarchy or chaos?].
4394.- Detecting chaos in HRV signals in human cardiac transplant recipients.
4395.- Listening in the care environment--chaos or clarity for the hearing-impaired elderly person.
4396.- Prenatal diagnosis of laryngeal atresia in two cases of congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS).
4397.- Immune network at the edge of chaos.
4398.- Chaos in a cup of flour.
4399.- Chaos theory: the transforming role of functional systems.
4400.- Chaos and predictability: is the universe a game of dice?
4401.- Chaos, criticality, and public health.
4402.- Sources, sinks and chaos.
4403.- Antioxidants, cholesterol, and ischaemic heart disease: CHAOS or confusion?
4404.- But is Paris really burning? Uncertainty anxieties and the normal chaos of love.
4405.- Ca2+ sequestration as a determinant of chaos and mixed-mode dynamics in agonist-induced vasomotion.
4406.- Fibrillation, chaos and clinical control.
4407.- Suppression of Chaos in a One-dimensional Mapping.
4408.- Experimental suppression of chaos in a modulated multimode laser.
4409.- Beyond hierarchy: working on the edge of chaos.
4410.- Understanding human sexuality--specifically homosexuality and the paraphilias--in terms of chaos theory and fetal development.
4411.- Students. The reign of chaos.
4412.- The muscular dystrophies--clarity or chaos?
4413.- Bringing order to chaos. A framework for understanding and treating female sexual abuse survivors.
4414.- Chaos theory and clinical pathways: a practical application.
4415.- Chaos theory and power spectrum analysis in computerized cardiotocography.
4416.- Melnikov analysis of chaos in a simple epidemiological model.
4417.- Psychiatry and chaos.
4418.- Spirals, chaos, and new mechanisms of wave propagation.
4419.- Chaos in a minimal model of the alternative pathway of the complement system.
4420.- A statistical analysis of sequences of cardiac interbeat intervals does not support the chaos hypothesis.
4421.- Quasiperiodicity and chaos in cardiac fibrillation.
4422.- Chaos in weakly-coupled pacemaker cells.
4423.- [Physician battles in Spanish medicine of the 19th Century: from chaos to revolution].
4424.- Fractals, chaos, and cancer: do they coincide?
4425.- Chaos theory and the partnership concept.
4426.- A criterion of relative degree of chaos or order for open systems.
4427.- More chaos on the microbiology front: the E. coli O157 outbreaks.
4428.- Strategic leadership: a view from quantum and chaos theories.
4429.- Nonlinear deterministic analysis of tissue texture: a stereological study on mastopathic and mammary cancer tissue using chaos theory.
4430.- Chaos in neuronal networks with balanced excitatory and inhibitory activity.
4431.- Spiral-Defect Chaos in Rayleigh-Bénard Convection with Small Prandtl Numbers.
4432.- Emergence of Chaos in Asymmetric Networks.
4433.- Sustaining Chaos by Using Basin Boundary Saddles.
4434.- Chaos in the relativistic Euler problem.
4435.- Quantum chaos in nano-sized billiards in layered two-dimensional semiconductor structures.
4436.- Inverting chaos: Extracting system parameters from experimental data.
4437.- Adiabatic chaos in a two-dimensional mapping.
4438.- Regularity and chaos in Vlasov evolution of nuclear matter.
4439.- Scaling behavior of transition to chaos in quasiperiodically driven dynamical systems.
4440.- Riemannian theory of Hamiltonian chaos and Lyapunov exponents.
4441.- Single-cell analysis of gene expression in the nervous system. Measurements at the edge of chaos.
4442.- Deterministic chaos in mathematical model of pacemaker activity in bursting neurons of snail, Helix pomatia.
4443.- Synchronization of Spatiotemporal Chaos and Its Application to Spread-Spectrum Communication.
4444.- Interplay between strength of disorder and the measure of chaos in the propagation of carriers.
4445.- Weak and strong synchronization of chaos.
4446.- Experimental control of high-dimensional chaos: The driven double pendulum.
4447.- Enhancing chaos in chaotic maps and flows.
4448.- Nonlinearity in normal human EEG: cycles, temporal asymmetry, nonstationarity and randomness, not chaos.
4449.- Coping with chaos and change.
4450.- Quasiperiodicity route to chaos in a biochemical system.
4451.- Classical chaos and ballistic transport in a mesoscopic channel.
4452.- Dissipative chaos in semiconductor superlattices.
4453.- Spiral-Defect Chaos in Rayleigh-Bénard Convection with Small Prandtl Numbers.
4454.- When chaos reigns: responding to complex emergencies.
4455.- Role of parametric resonances in global chaos.
4456.- Inference and chaos by a network of nonmonotonic neurons.
4457.- Chaos in the relativistic cyclotron motion of a charged particle.
4458.- Scale anomaly and quantum chaos in billiards with pointlike scatterers.
4459.- Different types of chaos synchronization in two coupled piecewise linear maps.
4460.- Control of chaos in noisy flows.
4461.- Anomalous asymmetry splittings in a molecule with internal rotation in the presence of classical chaos.
4462.- Healing in the midst of chaos.
4463.- Comment on "Classical Chaos as an Environment for Dissipation".
4464.- Synchronization and Chaos Induced by Resonant Tunneling in GaAs/AlAs Superlattices.
4465.- Radiative Corrections and Quantum Chaos.
4466.- Chaos in the Ferromagnetic Phase of a Reentrant Ferromagnet.
4467.- Phase Diffusion in Localized Spatio-Temporal Amplitude Chaos.
4468.- Molecular Chaos, Pair Correlations, and Shear-Induced Ordering of Hard Spheres.
4469.- Synchronizing Spatiotemporal Chaos in Coupled Nonlinear Oscillators.
4470.- Driving change versus reacting to chaos: one VNA's story.
4471.- Surviving the chaos of merger mania.
4472.- Transforming chaos turning health care trends into success strategies.
4473.- Propagating fronts, chaos and multistability in a cell replication model.
4474.- Chaos in variable stars: Topological analysis of W Vir model pulsations.
4475.- Quantum chaos in gas.
4476.- Quantum chaos.
4477.- Nonlinear waves, chaos and patterns in microwave electronic devices.
4478.- Images of synchronized chaos: Experiments with circuits.
4479.- Type-I-like intermittent chaos in multicomponent plasmas with negative ions.
4480.- Chaos and associative generation of information by networks of neuronal oscillators.
4481.- Observation of intermingled basins in coupled oscillators exhibiting synchronized chaos.
4482.- Synchronized spatiotemporal chaos and spatiotemporal on-off intermittency in a nonlinear ring cavity.
4483.- Classical and quantum chaos in a quantum dot in time-periodic magnetic fields.
4484.- Negotiating the chaos of patient care with clinical pathways.
4485.- Control of spatiotemporal chaos in neuronal networks.
4486.- Random activity at the microscopic neural level in cortex ("noise") sustains and is regulated by low-dimensional dynamics of macroscopic cortical activity ("chaos").
4487.- Brain chaos and computation.
4488.- Synchronized chaos in local cortical circuits.
4489.- Chaos control by electric current in an enzymatic reaction.
4490.- Improvement of interference fringes of a laser diode interferometer by controlling chaos with sinusoidally modulated injection.
4491.- Of chaos, Merlin and the future of medicine.
4492.- Chaos and evolution.
4493.- Localized spatiotemporal chaos in surface waves.
4494.- Goal-oriented scheme for taming chaos with a weak periodic perturbation: Experiment in a diode resonator.
4495.- Quantum suppression of chaos in the spin-boson model.
4496.- Wave chaos in quantum billiards with a small but finite-size scatterer.
4497.- Controlling chaos using nonlinear feedback with delay.
4498.- Chaos and the way of Zen: psychiatric nursing and the 'uncertainty principle'.
4499.- From chaos to transformation.
4500.- Quantum Chaos in Terms of Entropy for Periodically Kicked Top.
4501.- Geometrical Resonance as a Chaos Eliminating Mechanism.
4502.- Quantum Chaos and the Limits of Semiclassical Prediction.
4503.- Leading change, overcoming chaos--making change succeed in your organization.
4504.- Can chaos theory be used to increase preventive maintenance effectiveness?
4505.- Practical tests with irregular and regular finite spectra of a proposed statistical measure for quantum chaos.
4506.- Evidence for chaos in an experimental time series from serrated plastic flow.
4507.- Spatially quasiperiodic convection and temporal chaos in two-layer thermocapillary instabilities.
4508.- Chaos suppression in flows using proportional pulses in the system variables.
4509.- Controlling chaos in nonlinear three-wave coupling.
4510.- Erratum: Transition to space-time chaos in a nonlinear optical system with two-dimensional feedback.
4511.- Chaos in the case notes a case for prevention, not treatment.
4512.- Spatial inhomogeneity and thermodynamic chaos.
4513.- Description of chaos in simple relativistic systems.
4514.- Price, value, and chaos theory in strategic management.
4515.- "Spiritlinking": a key to dynamic change. Fostering chaos enables leaders to form the networks and unity needed to fulfill their mission.
4516.- Chaos. The emerging order in health care.
4517.- Erratum: "Steady vortices in plasmas and geophysical flows" [Chaos 4, 253 (1994)].
4518.- Collective patterns arising out of spatio-temporal chaos.
4519.- Chaos and intermittent bursting in a reaction-diffusion process.
4520.- Piecewise linear models for the quasiperiodic transition to chaos.
4521.- Chaos and thermal noise in a Josephson junction coupled to a resonant tank.
4522.- Suppressing chaos in lasers by negative feedback.
4523.- Supertransient chaos in the two-dimensional complex Ginzburg-Landau equation.
4524.- Chaos in nonpropagating hydrodynamic solitons.
4525.- Correlation functions on the border lines of transient chaos.
4526.- Chaos in the nursing profession.
4527.- Reflections on early pregnancy: organizing chaos or organized chaos?
4528.- Shared visions & hallucinations: acquiring a taste for chaos.
4529.- [From CARE and CHAOS to HERO and PRIME. Report of the 45th Annual Meeting of the American College of Cardiology, Orlando, 24-27 March 1996].
4530.- Observation of controlled intermittent chaos in ion-beam-plasma instabilities.
4531.- [Vitamin E treatment of patients with coronary disease (Cambridge Heart Antioxidant Study--CHAOS)].
4532.- Quantum chaos, irreversible classical dynamics, and random matrix theory.
4533.- Non-linear dynamics for clinicians: chaos theory, fractals, and complexity at the bedside.
4534.- Trust and chaos.
4535.- Chaos and evolution.
4536.- Chaos vs linear instability in the Vlasov equation: A fractal analysis characterization.
4537.- Chaos and noise in a truncated Toda potential.
4538.- Generalized synchronization of chaos: The auxiliary system approach.
4539.- Chaos and detection.
4540.- Associative memory with spatiotemporal chaos control.
4541.- Computational complexity of symbolic dynamics at the onset of chaos.
4542.- Controlling chaos in high dimensions: Theory and experiment.
4543.- Charting a new course through the chaos of KS (Kaposi's sarcoma).
4544.- Use of methods from chaos theory to quantify a fundamental dysfunction in the behavioral organization of schizophrenic patients.
4545.- Control of patterns in spatiotemporal chaos in optics.
4546.- Can a single-pulse standing wave induce chaos in atomic motion?
4547.- Universal diffusion near the golden chaos border.
4548.- Classical chaos as an environment for dissipation.
4549.- Ray splitting and quantum chaos.
4550.- Spatiotemporal chaos in chiral soliton models.
4551.- Reply to "Comment on 'Nonlinear resonance and chaos in the relativistic phase space for driven nonlinear systems' ".
4552.- Comment on "Nonlinear resonance and chaos in the relativistic phase space for driven nonlinear systems".
4553.- Chaos for Liouville probability densities.
4554.- Chaos in a quantum well in tilted fields: A scaling system.
4555.- Intermittent chaos and multifractal systems.
4556.- Ray splitting and quantum chaos.
4557.- Information-theoretic characterization of quantum chaos.
4558.- Semiquantum chaos in the double well.
4559.- Stochastic chaos and resonance in a bistable stochastic system.
4560.- Fractal geometry, fractal kinetics and chaos en route to biopharmaceutical sciences.
4561.- Application of chaos theory to a model biological system: evidence of self-organization in the intrinsic cardiac nervous system.
4562.- Chaos and evolution in nursing research.
4563.- Transition from Poisson regularity to chaos in a time-reversal noninvariant system.
4564.- Randomised controlled trial of vitamin E in patients with coronary disease: Cambridge Heart Antioxidant Study (CHAOS).
4565.- Suppression of chaos in a simplified nonlinear dynamo model.
4566.- Chaos, fractals, and inflation.
4567.- Relations between parameters of spectral power densities and deterministic chaos of heart-rate variability.
4568.- Phase plane analysis: applying chaos theory in health care.
4569.- Changes in the adiabatic invariant and streamline chaos in confined incompressible Stokes flow.
4570.- A two-parameter study of the extent of chaos in a billiard system.
4571.- Universality in the quasiperiodic route to chaos.
4572.- Symbolic dynamics for strong chaos on stochastic webs: General quasisymmetry.
4573.- High-harmonic generation in a driven triangular well: The implications of chaos.
4574.- Chaos--a new concept in science.
4575.- [Chaos in pathogenesis of brain dysgenesis].
4576.- Role of chaos in trial-and-error problem solving by an artificial neural network.
4577.- Uncertainty, complexity and chaos.
4578.- Chaos and synchrony in a model of a hypercolumn in visual cortex.
4579.- Chaos and self-organization as a consequence of spiritual disequilibrium.
4580.- Chaos-related deterministic regulation of heart rate variability in time- and frequency domains: effects of autonomic blockade and exercise.
4581.- Chaos in blood pressure control.
4582.- Chaos and non-linear phenomena in renal vascular control.
4583.- Temporal chaos in the microcirculation.
4584.- Chaos around a Hénon-Heiles-inspired exact perturbation of a black hole.
4585.- Transition from molecular chaos to coherent spiking of enzymic reactions in small spatial volumes.
4586.- Tutorial: chaos theory--a primer for health care.
4587.- Multiple transitions to chaos in a damped parametrically forced pendulum.
4588.- Presence of chaos in a self-organized critical system.
4589.- Chaos in special relativistic dynamics.
4590.- Chaos in a quasiclassical hadronic atom.
4591.- Despite chaos, most AIDS programs are functioning.
4592.- [Sudden cardiac death: diagnostic help from chaos research? Prof. Dr. med. Georg Schmidt, Munich, on preventive diagnostic criteria. Interview by Beatrice Wagner].
4593.- Wave-induced chemical chaos.
4594.- Information processing using dynamical chaos: neural networks implementation.
4595.- Using chaos control and tracking to suppress a pathological nonchaotic rhythm in a cardiac model.
4596.- Classical chaos and fluctuation-dissipation relations for nonlinear response.
4597.- Bifurcation and chaos induced by a time-periodic vector potential.
4598.- General method of controlling chaos.
4599.- Control of chaos in multimode solid state lasers by the use of small periodic perturbations.
4600.- Geometric description of chaos in two-degrees-of-freedom Hamiltonian systems.
4601.- Finding the windows of regular motion within the chaos of ordinary differential equations.
4602.- Transition to space-time chaos in a nonlinear optical system with two-dimensional feedback.
4603.- Core-induced chaos in diamagnetic lithium.
4604.- ["Determined chaos" and the risk of sudden cardiac death].
4605.- Intermittency route to chaos in a biochemical system.
4606.- The possible control of chaos in chronic inflammation.
4607.- Chaos in the case notes.
4608.- [Madness(es). Social psychiatric-affective-chaos theory observations].
4609.- Evidence of deterministic chaos in the myoelectric signal.
4610.- Relativistic ponderomotive force, Uphill acceleration, and transition to chaos.
4611.- Evidence for deterministic chaos as the origin of electrical tree breakdown structures in polymeric insulation.
4612.- Spatial dynamics and chaos.
4613.- Chaos and evolution.
4614.- Full polarization chaos in a pump-polarization modulated isotropic cavity laser.
4615.- Erratum: "Effect of a magnetic flux line on the quantum beats in the Henon-Heiles level density" [Chaos 5, 317 (1995)].
4616.- Chaos in thermal pulse combustion.
4617.- From Hamiltonian chaos to Maxwell's Demon.
4618.- Criticality and transient chaos in a sandpile model.
4619.- Quantum localization of chaos in a ring.
4620.- Chaos and thermal conductivity.
4621.- Multistability and chaos in a spring-block model.
4622.- Using noise and chaos control to control nonchaotic systems.
4623.- Chaos! It can be positive.
4624.- [Deterministic chaos in biology].
4625.- The classification and nomenclature of autonomic disorders--ending chaos, resolving conflict and hopefully achieving clarity.
4626.- Notes of a chaos watcher.
4627.- Chaos under canvas: a Salmonella enteritidis PT 6B outbreak.
4628.- Chaos suppression in the SU(2) Yang-Mills-Higgs system.
4629.- Lead-induced transition to chaos in ballistic mesoscopic billiards.
4630.- Delay-induced chaos in catalytic surface reactions: NO reduction on Pt(100).
4631.- Spatiotemporal chaos in a model of Rayleigh-Bénard convection.
4632.- Dyson-Schwinger loop equations of the two-matrix model: Correlations in quantum chaos.
4633.- Self-consistent chaos and Arnold diffusion in a cyclotron-maser wave-particle system.
4634.- Quantum chaos, degeneracies, and exceptional points.
4635.- Biscale chaos in propagating fronts.
4636.- Complexity and "chaos" in blood pressure after baroreceptor denervation of conscious dogs.
4637.- Chaos and complexity. Can it help us to understand mood and behavior?
4638.- Controlling chaos using differential geometric method.
4639.- Tracking unstable turing patterns through mixed-mode spatiotemporal chaos.
4640.- Precursors and transition to chaos in a quantum well in a tilted magnetic field.
4641.- Conquering conversion chaos with optical systems.
4642.- Controlling nonchaotic neuronal noise using chaos control techniques.
4643.- Ray chaos and Q spoiling in lasing droplets.
4644.- Chaos in rf-driven long Josephson junctions in the presence of an external field.
4645.- Resonant islands without separatrix chaos.
4646.- Suppression and creation of chaos in a periodically forced Lorenz system.
4647.- Multiparameter control of chaos.
4648.- Nonlinear resonance and dynamical chaos in a diatomic molecule driven by a resonant ir field.
4649.- Cure, conservation, confusion, chaos.
4650.- Self-organization and chaos in a fluidized bed.
4651.- Correlators of spectral determinants in quantum chaos.
4652.- Geometry of chaos in the two-center problem in general relativity.
4653.- Chaos in resonant-tunneling superlattices.
4654.- Signatures of deterministic chaos in radar sea clutter and ocean surface winds.
4655.- Introduction to acoustical chaos.
4656.- Campus chaos. See Johnny kill.
4657.- Controlling chaos by pinning neurons in a neural network.
4658.- Chaos, noise, and synchronization reconsidered.
4659.- Reaction-diffusion system with Brusselator kinetics: Control of a quasiperiodic route to chaos.
4660.- Analysis of sensor signals shows turning on a lathe exhibits low-dimensional chaos.
4661.- Characterization of low-energy mode vibrations in chaos using entropy balance versus the amplitude-based Karhunen-Loéve expansion.
4662.- Transition to chaos in a laser system with delayed feedback.
4663.- Fluctuations and decoherence in classical chaos: A model study of a Kubo oscillator generated by a chaotic system.
4664.- Chaos in the Hall of Mirrors.
4665.- Catastrophe, chaos and Alzheimer's disease. The F E Williams Lecture.
4666.- Genetic and phenotypic heterogeneity of human malignancies: finding order in chaos.
4667.- The edge of chaos: caring and the bottom line.
4668.- Dimensional analysis of resting human EEG. II: Surrogate-data testing indicates nonlinearity but not low-dimensional chaos.
4669.- Investigating routes to chaos in the guinea-pig cochlea using the continuous wavelet transform and the short-time Fourier transform.
4670.- Chaos in Andreev Billiards.
4671.- Intermittency and transient chaos from simple frequency-dependent selection.
4672.- Statistics of Topological Defects and Spatiotemporal Chaos in a Reaction-Diffusion System.
4673.- In search for signs of chaos in branching processes.
4674.- Manifestations of classical chaos in the energy level spectrum of a quantum well.
4675.- Chaos and scale.
4676.- Chaos and scale.
4677.- Reply to "Comment on 'Absence of chaos in a self-organized critical coupled map lattice' ".
4678.- Comment on "Absence of chaos in a self-organized critical coupled map lattice".
4679.- Experimental control of chaos in a periodically driven glow discharge.
4680.- Length scale, quasiperiodicity, resonances, separatrix crossings, and chaos in the weakly relativistic Zakharov equations.
4681.- Properties of border states of transient chaos.
4682.- Control of low-dimensional spatiotemporal chaos in Fourier space.
4683.- Sporadic chaos in space-time dynamical processes.
4684.- Comment on "Life at the edge of chaos".
4685.- Defect dynamics for spiral chaos in Rayleigh-Bénard convection.
4686.- Experimental studies of chaos and localization in quantum wave functions.
4687.- Comment on "Exponential sensitivity and chaos in quantum systems".
4688.- Nonlinear response and driven chaos in n-type GaAs compensated with Ni impurities.
4689.- Comment on "Decoherence, chaos, and the second law".
4690.- The growth rate of zooplankton at the edge of chaos: ecological models.
4691.- Suppressed and induced chaos by near resonant perturbation of bifurcations.
4692.- Spatiotemporal chaos in rf-driven Josephson junction series arrays.
4693.- Unstable periodic orbits and characterization of the spatial chaos in a nonlinear monatomic chain at the T=0 first-order phase-transition point.
4694.- Nonlinear resonance and chaos in the relativistic phase space for driven nonlinear systems.
4695.- Blending chaotic attractors using the synchronization of chaos.
4696.- Statistical measures of chaos in quantum systems.
4697.- Experimental control of chaos in a laser.
4698.- Coherence-preserving chaos in a mixed quantum classical description.
4699.- Subtleties of the period-doubling chaos of an optically pumped NH3 single-mode ring laser.
4700.- Classical chaos and its quantum measures in Rydberg states of multielectron atoms.
4701.- Chaos theory in obstetrics and gynaecology.
4702.- Chaos theory in obstetrics and gynaecology.
4703.- Out of chaos...
4704.- The need to teach chaos theory.
4705.- Chaos theory in obstetrics and gynaecology.
4706.- A gentle scheme for unleashing chaos.
4707.- Chaos vs thermalization in the nuclear shell model.
4708.- Polarization chaos in an optically pumped laser.
4709.- Chaos and semiclassical limit in quantum cosmology.
4710.- Spatial chaos in a chain of coupled bistable oscillators.
4711.- Chaos in protein folding: a simple one-dimensional model.
4712.- On the interplay between symmetry breaking, integrability, and chaos in the semiclassical limit of the Heisenberg system.
4713.- Comment on "Signature of classical chaos on quantum tunneling".
4714.- Controlling chaos in unidimensional maps using constant feedback.
4715.- Genuine electromagnetic wave chaos.
4716.- Teamwork: bringing order out of chaos.
4717.- Mean-field equations, bifurcation map and chaos in discrete time, continuous state, random neural networks.
4718.- [Hypertension in pregnancy--chaos in terminology of literature world-wide].
4719.- Spatial heterogeneity, nonlinear dynamics and chaos in infectious diseases.
4720.- Distinguishing cardiac randomness from chaos.
4721.- Looking for chaos in brain slices.
4722.- Experimental maintenance of chaos.
4723.- Vectorial interactions and quantum chaos.
4724.- [Keys or chaos].
4725.- Study of Quantum Dynamics in the Transition from Classical Stability to Chaos.
4726.- Effect of memory and dynamical chaos in long Josephson junctions.
4727.- Subtleties of arithmetical quantum chaos.
4728.- Topological model of homoclinic chaos in a glow discharge.
4729.- Period-doubling cascades and chaos in a semiconductor laser with optical injection.
4730.- Strong correspondence principle and the classical-resonance overlap criterion for the onset of chaos.
4731.- Chaos: a potential problem in the biological control of insect pests.
4732.- Medical education in chaos.
4733.- Thermalization of a Brownian particle via coupling to low-dimensional chaos.
4734.- Wave Chaos Experiments with and without Time Reversal Symmetry: GUE and GOE Statistics.
4735.- Adaptive control and tracking of chaos in a magnetoelastic ribbon.
4736.- Symbolic dynamics of NMR-laser chaos.
4737.- Multistability as an indication of chaos in a discharge plasma.
4738.- Chaos in a Coulombic muffin-tin potential.
4739.- Controlling chaos using time delay coordinates via stabilization of periodic orbits.
4740.- Homoclinic chaos in the discrete self-trapping trimer.
4741.- Essence, investigation, and management of "neuropathic" pains: hopes from acknowledgment of chaos.
4742.- Different outcomes in biological experiments involving weak EMFs: is chaos a possible explanation?
4743.- Managing chaos.
4744.- Essence, investigation, and management of "neuropathic" pains: hopes from acknowledgment of chaos.
4745.- Essence, investigation, and management of "neuropathic" pains: hopes from acknowledgment of chaos.
4746.- Measuring "chaos" in the brain: a tutorial review of EEG dimension estimation.
4747.- Harnessing the chaos in health care reform with provider-community partnerships.
4748.- Assessing elderly acute care services: improving quality amid chaos.
4749.- Ecological chaos in the wake of invasion.
4750.- Extracting messages masked by chaos.
4751.- Russian chaos breeds diphtheria outbreak.
4752.- High frequency synchronization of chaos.
4753.- Phase effect in taming nonautonomous chaos by weak harmonic perturbations.
4754.- Chaos control of cardiac arrhythmias.
4755.- Erratum: "Torus knots and polynomial invariants for a class of soliton equations" [Chaos 3, 83 (1993)].
4756.- Distinguishing the transition to chaos in a spherical pendulum.
4757.- Self-organizing dynamics of the human brain: Critical instabilities and Sil'nikov chaos.
4758.- Chaos and low-order corrections to classical mechanics or geometrical optics.
4759.- Bifurcations and complete chaos for the diamagnetic Kepler problem.
4760.- Quantum-classical correspondence and the transition to chaos in coupled quartic oscillators.
4761.- Chaos and antichaos in pathology.
4762.- Chaos in the prediction of sudden death.
4763.- A magnificent chaos: feminist (nursing) comments on Western philosophy.
4764.- Chaos in intracellular Ca2+ oscillations in a new model for non-excitable cells.
4765.- Tumor vascularization, Doppler measurements and chaos: what to do?
4766.- [Implications of chaos theory in pharmacotherapy].
4767.- Comment on "Quantum chaos in the Born-Oppenheimer approximation".
4768.- Chaos from orbit-flip homoclinic orbits generated in a practical circuit.
4769.- Managing chaos.
4770.- Culture, chaos, and refounding. How leaders can refound the Catholic health ministry.
4771.- Signature of chaos in nonlinear drift-wave-induced transport.
4772.- Relativistic chaos in the driven harmonic oscillator.
4773.- Generalized synchronization of chaos in directionally coupled chaotic systems.
4774.- Reshaping-induced chaos suppression.
4775.- Secondary Instabilities and Spatiotemporal Chaos in Parametric Surface Waves.
4776.- Chaos in DNA partition during the last mitoses of the proliferative life-span of human fibroblasts.
4777.- Transition to spiral-defect chaos in low Prandtl number convection.
4778.- [From COPD, COAD, CURS, CUSLK, CAO to CHAOS].
4779.- Deterministic chaos in failure dynamics: Dynamics of peeling of adhesive tape.
4780.- From chaos to order: health care quality in context.
4781.- Spatiotemporal chaos in the regime of the conserved Zakharov equations.
4782.- Marginal stability and chaos in coupled faults modeled by nonlinear circuits.
4783.- Endogenous population growth may imply chaos.
4784.- [The population of Yugoslavia in 1991. An inventory before the chaos].
4785.- Controlling of chaotic motion by chaos and noise signals in a logistic map and a Bonhoeffer-van der Pol oscillator.
4786.- Suppression of chaos by selective resonant parametric perturbations.
4787.- Phenomenological description of the optical field chaos in storage ring free-electron lasers.
4788.- Fluid elasticity and the transition to chaos in thermal convection.
4789.- Shear viscosity via global control of spatiotemporal chaos in two-dimensional isoenergetic dense fluids.
4790.- Preserving chaos: Control strategies to preserve complex dynamics with potential relevance to biological disorders.
4791.- Geometric description of chaos in self-gravitating systems.
4792.- Reduction of optical chaos by a quantum correction in second-harmonic generation of light.
4793.- Nothingness, meaninglessnes, chaos, and the "black hole" revisited.
4794.- [Electrocardiography: membrane potentials according to the chaos theory].
4795.- Organized chaos? Computed tomographic evaluation of the neuropathic diabetic foot.
4796.- Deterministic chaos in the hemodynamics of an artificial heart.
4797.- Chaos in the classification of SMA: a possible resolution.
4798.- Chaos and order in the human brain.
4799.- Thriving in chaos: personal and career development.
4800.- On the dimensionality of sleep-EEG data. Using chaos mathematics and a systematic variation of the parameters of the Corex program to determine the correlation exponents of sleep EEG segments.
4801.- Bivariate global frequency analysis versus chaos theory. A comparison for sleep EEG data.
4802.- Quantum chaos in a deformable billiard: Applications to quantum dots.
4803.- From chaos to new life: Ritual enactment in the passage from illness to health.
4804.- Four modes competition and chaos in a shell.
4805.- Conditions for the appearance of wave chaos in quantum singular systems with a pointlike scatterer.
4806.- Memory-flow structures in Lorenz chaos.
4807.- Genetic information and ecosystem health: arguments for the application of chaos theory to identify boundary conditions for ecosystem management.
4808.- A continent in chaos: Africa's environmental issues.
4809.- Chaos game representation of protein structures.
4810.- Observation of dynamical localization in atomic momentum transfer: A new testing ground for quantum chaos.
4811.- Comment on "Chaos, noise, and synchronization".
4812.- Polarization spatial chaos in second-harmonic generation.
4813.- Neural networks and chaos.
4814.- Why Eric Mazur Brings Chaos--Not Chaos Theory--to Physics.
4815.- RE: Letters to the Editor regarding Humes, L. & Diefendorf, A. (1993). Chaos or order? Some thoughts on the transition to a professional doctorate in audiology. American Journal of Audiology, 2(2), 7-16.
4816.- Crisis control: Preventing chaos-induced capsizing of a ship.
4817.- Chaos transition despite linear stability.
4818.- Periodicity and chaos in a one-dimensional dynamical model of earthquakes.
4819.- Internal fluctuations, period doubling, and chemical chaos.
4820.- Adiabatic chaos in Josephson-junction arrays.
4821.- Chaos theory in obstetrics and gynaecology.
4822.- Brain storm. Controlling chaos could help treat epilepsy.
4823.- Symmetry, bifurcations, and chaos in a distributed respiratory control system.
4824.- De-coding the code of conduct chaos.
4825.- Intramanifold chaos in Rydberg atoms in external fields.
4826.- A cure for chaos.
4827.- Preventing tuberculosis transmission. The chaos over respirators.
4828.- Sepsis in the 1990s: The Management of Chaos.
4829.- Spatiotemporal chaos in Josephson-junction arrays.
4830.- Rigorous verification of chaos in a molecular model.
4831.- Chaos and linear response: Analysis of the short-, intermediate-, and long-time regime.
4832.- Chaos and a quantum-classical correspondence in the kicked top.
4833.- Primary care: poised to survive the chaos of managed care.
4834.- Dynamic modeling, chaos, and cognitive development.
4835.- Accurate measurement of carotid stenosis. Chaos in methodology.
4836.- Dynamical chaos determines the variability of transcranial Doppler signals.
4837.- Experimental control of chaos for communication.
4838.- Manifestation of quantum chaos in electronic band structures.
4839.- Computation with chaos: a paradigm for cortical activity.
4840.- Universal signatures of quantum chaos.
4841.- Spatiotemporal chaos in an electric current driven ionic reaction-diffusion system.
4842.- Static chaos and scaling behavior in the spin-glass phase.
4843.- Continuous feedback approach for controlling chaos.
4844.- Applying algorithmic complexity to define chaos in the motion of complex systems.
4845.- Synchronous chaos in coupled oscillator systems.
4846.- MZ twinning: chance or determinism? An essay in nonlinear dynamics (chaos).
4847.- Bringing elegance to chaos.
4848.- Cycles, chaos, and evolution in virus cultures: a model of defective interfering particles.
4849.- Do chaos-control techniques offer hope for epilepsy?
4850.- Controlling chaos in the brain.
4851.- Neurobiology. Chaos under control.
4852.- First week of Senate debate fails to diminish reform chaos.
4853.- Tunneling versus chaos in the kicked Harper model.
4854.- Spiral defect chaos in Rayleigh-Bénard convection.
4855.- Period-doubling bifurcations and chaos in the decremental propagation of a spike train in excitable media.
4856.- Weak chaos in one-dimensional quantum transport: The 1/f2 law and the breakdown of the law of large numbers.
4857.- Synchronization of chaos using continuous control.
4858.- Absence of chaos in a self-organized critical coupled map lattice.
4859.- Estimation of a Lyapunov-exponent spectrum of plasma chaos.
4860.- Simple model for quantum chaos.
4861.- Controlling chaos experimentally in systems exhibiting large effective Lyapunov exponents.
4862.- Chaos and quantum thermalization.
4863.- Inhibition of chaos in Hamiltonian systems by periodic pulses.
4864.- Chaos-induced avoided level crossing and tunneling.
4865.- The discovery of protein phosphatases: from chaos and confusion to an understanding of their role in cell regulation and human disease.
4866.- Creating community in the workplace: a key to surviving organizational chaos.
4867.- Medical bureaucracy snatching chaos from order: a proposal for restraint and a new subspecialty.
4868.- A nonlinear dynamical (chaos) approach to the analysis of broiler growth.
4869.- Chaos in one-predator, two-prey models: general results from bifurcation theory.
4870.- Bifurcations and spatial chaos in an open flow model.
4871.- Exploring transient chaos in an NMR-laser experiment.
4872.- Exponential sensitivity and chaos in quantum systems.
4873.- Invariant chaos in mixmaster cosmology.
4874.- Scaling in quantum chaos: A study of quantum dots.
4875.- Transition to soft chaos in the vibrational spectrum of the CS2 molecule.
4876.- From chaos to control: winning the war.
4877.- RE: Humes, L. E., & Diefendorf, A. O. (1993). Chaos or Order? Some thoughts on the transition to a professional doctorate in audiology. AJA, 2(2), 7-16.
4878.- Chaos and forecasting.
4879.- Advanced chaos forecasting.
4880.- Practical considerations in the control of chaos.
4881.- Chaos and avoided level crossings.
4882.- Tracking unstable orbits in chaos using dissipative feedback control.
4883.- Prerecorded history of a system as an experimental tool to control chaos.
4884.- Chaos-assisted tunneling.
4885.- Short-term growth: rhythms, chaos, or noise?
4886.- Conflicts, accidents, catastrophes and chaos: road transport in the twenty-first century.
4887.- Chaos and antichaos in pathology.
4888.- Lack of evidence for low-dimensional chaos in heart rate variability.
4889.- Chaos in physiology.
4890.- The chaos user's tool kit.
4891.- The fundamentals of controlling chaos.
4892.- Two tools to test time series data for evidence of chaos and/or nonlinearity.
4893.- Anomalous approach to the self-organized critical state in a model for "life at the edge of chaos".
4894.- Quantum chaos in the Born-Oppenheimer approximation.
4895.- Some remarks on coherent structures out of chaos in planetary atmospheres and oceans.
4896.- Transition to spatiotemporal chaos via spatially subharmonic oscillations of a periodic front.
4897.- Directional solidification at high speed. II. Transition to chaos.
4898.- Drive-response scenario of chaos synchronization in identical nonlinear systems.
4899.- Quantum chaos of atoms in a resonator driven by an external resonant field.
4900.- Low-dimensional chaos in biological systems.
4901.- Observation of synchronization in laser chaos.
4902.- Chaos offers opportunity for creativity.
4903.- Semiquantal dynamics of fluctuations: Ostensible quantum chaos.
4904.- Chaos-driven decay of nuclear giant resonances: Quantum route to self-organization.
4905.- Transition from quasiperiodicity to chaos of a soliton oscillator.
4906.- Chaos in double-barrier heterostructures.
4907.- Spatial chaos and patterns in laser-produced plasmas.
4908.- Direct dynamical test for deterministic chaos and optimal embedding of a chaotic time series.
4909.- Two-spin models with classical chaos and different quantum universality classes.
4910.- Chaos and the quantum-classical correspondence in the kicked pendulum.
4911.- Radiation trapping: An alternative mechanism for chaos in a nonlinear optical resonator.
4912.- "Thriving on chaos" works in health services management!
4913.- Random and rambling thoughts on a lazy Sunday afternoon. An example of the chaos theory.
4914.- [Danish hospital on the way against chaos].
4915.- Magnetotunneling spectroscopy of a quantum well in the regime of classical chaos.
4916.- Controlling spatiotemporal chaos.
4917.- Decoherence, chaos, and the second law.
4918.- Dynamical chaos in non-Abelian Chern-Simons-Higgs theories.
4919.- High Reynolds number boundary layer chaos.
4920.- Chaos in axially symmetric potentials with octupole deformation.
4921.- Experimental control of chaos in a laser-diode interferometer with delayed feedback.
4922.- El nino chaos: overlapping of resonances between the seasonal cycle and the pacific ocean-atmosphere oscillator.
4923.- El Nino on the Devil's Staircase: Annual Subharmonic Steps to Chaos.
4924.- Experimental control of chaos by means of weak parametric perturbations.
4925.- Time-series analysis of transient chaos.
4926.- Observing chaos: Deducing and tracking the state of a chaotic system from limited observation.
4927.- Is there low-dimensional chaos in pulsatile secretion of parathyroid hormone in normal human subjects?
4928.- Chaos and chaos control in biology.
4929.- Spatiotemporal chaos.
4930.- Hydrogenic impurity in a parabolic quantum wire in a magnetic field: Quantum chaos and optical properties.
4931.- Complexity, chaos and human physiology: the justification for non-linear neural computational analysis.
4932.- Stabilization of chaos by proportional pulses in the system variables.
4933.- Chaos, noise, and synchronization.
4934.- Erratum: " variant Planck's over 2pi expansion for the periodic orbit quantization of chaotic systems" [Chaos 3, 601 (1993)].
4935.- Supertransients and suppressed chaos in the diffusively coupled logistic lattice.
4936.- Renormalization group theory of anomalous transport in systems with Hamiltonian chaos.
4937.- Chaos in reversed-field-pinch plasma simulation and experiment.
4938.- Psychotherapy: the search for chaos and the discovery of determinism.
4939.- A chaos theory approach to autonomic dysfunction in multiple sclerosis.
4940.- Culture media and Chaos theory--predicting the unpredictable.
4941.- Chaos and control in mass-action binding of endogenous compounds.
4942.- Antiarrhythmic drug classifications and the clinician: a gambit in the land of chaos.
4943.- Semiquantum chaos.
4944.- Intermittent chaos in population dynamics.
4945.- Bifurcation, chaos and suppression of chaos in FitzHugh-Nagumo nerve conduction model equation.
4946.- Modeling complex nuclear spectra: Regularity versus chaos.
4947.- Suppression of chaos, quantum resonance, and statistics of a nonintegrable system.
4948.- Suppression of Hamiltonian chaos by Coulomb repulsion in finite-amplitude electroconvection.
4949.- Chaos in the model of repetitive phase transitions with hysteresis: Application to the self-sustained potential oscillations of lipid-bilayer membranes induced by gel-liquid-crystal phase transitions.
4950.- Using neural networks for controlling chaos.
4951.- Converting transient chaos into sustained chaos by feedback control.
4952.- Congenital high airway obstruction syndrome (CHAOS): a potential for perinatal intervention.
4953.- In ancient climate, orbital chaos?
4954.- Pattern recognition, chaos, and multiplicity in neural networks of excitable systems.
4955.- Controlling chaos in a discharge plasma.
4956.- Controlling spatiotemporal chaos in coupled map lattice systems.
4957.- Matrix models, one-dimensional fermions, and quantum chaos.
4958.- How stock dependent flow rates may imply chaos in educational planning.
4959.- Levels in 168Er above 2 MeV and the onset of chaos.
4960.- Signatures of chaos in quantum billiards: Microwave experiments.
4961.- Roughening interfaces in the dynamics of perturbations of spatiotemporal chaos.
4962.- Suppression of chaos by nonresonant parametric perturbations.
4963.- Synchronization of chaos using proportional feedback.
4964.- Tunneling and the onset of chaos in a driven bistable system.
4965.- Observation and characterization of deterministic chaos in stimulated Brillouin scattering with weak feedback.
4966.- Chaos and physiology: deterministic chaos in excitable cell assemblies.
4967.- [The discreet fascination of chaos].
4968.- SIDS and chaos.
4969.- Chaos in percepts?
4970.- Chaos theory and some nursing considerations.
4971.- Chaos, self-organization, and psychology.
4972.- Chaos, perfectionism, and sabotage: personality disorders in the workplace.
4973.- Chaos in biometry.
4974.- Rapid exploration of alternatives via chaos.
4975.- Maternal empathy, family chaos, and the etiology of borderline personality disorder.
4976.- [Chaos theory and psychoanalysis: the fluid nature of the soul].
4977.- Self-organisation of living systems towards criticality at the edge of chaos.
4978.- Chaos theory and nursing revisited.
4979.- Correlations in the actions of periodic orbits derived from quantum chaos.
4980.- The case for chaos in childhood epidemics. II. Predicting historical epidemics from mathematical models.
4981.- [Coincidence and chaos in medicine].
4982.- [Chaos and fractals. Are these of interest to medical science?].
4983.- [Music and chaos, Paracelsus and Morgan Kane].
4984.- Controlling chaos in systems described by partial differential equations.
4985.- [Endogenous analgesic mechanism: new concepts from functional neuroanatomy, neurophysiology, neurobiology and chaos research.].
4986.- Degenerate routes to chaos.
4987.- Chaos in Liouville's equation.
4988.- Oscillations and chaos in renal blood flow control.
4989.- Chaos theory applied to the caloric response of the vestibular system.
4990.- Identification of the deterministic chaos in cardiovascular dynamics by the use of the non-linear mathematics.
4991.- Antiphase dynamics and chaos in self-pulsing erbium-doped fiber lasers.
4992.- Routes to suppressing chaos by weak periodic perturbations.
4993.- Chaos or Order? Some Thoughts on the Transition to a Professional Doctorate in Audiology.
4994.- Bouncing ball with a finite restitution: Chattering, locking, and chaos.
4995.- Classical and quantum chaos of the wedge billiard. II. Quantum mechanics and quantization rules.
4996.- Classical and quantum chaos of the wedge billiard. I. Classical mechanics.
4997.- Suppression of chaos in weakly coupled diode resonators.
4998.- Localization of chaos in the discrete nonlinear Schrödinger equation.
4999.- Jurassic heart: from the heart to the edge of chaos.
5000.- Bursts of periodontal destruction and remission, percolation phase shifts, and chaos.
