Title: System-Level Offline Time Synchronization Architecture for Distributed Electrical Signal Monitoring Using Raspberry Pi 5.
Title: The Effects of Black Raspberry Lozenges on 4-Hydroxy-1-(3-pyridyl)-1-butanone-Releasing DNA Adducts in Buccal Cells and Urinary Levels of N'-Nitrosonornicotine and its Glucuronide in Active Smokers.
Title: PyLoGreen: Design and implementation of a low-cost agricultural data acquisition and monitoring system using Raspberry Pi, LoRa, and nRF24L01 in the High-Andean Tundra.
Title: Multiyear Soil-Fruit Transfer Dynamics of Macro- and Trace Elements in Raspberry (
Title: Discovery of Inhibitory Active Ingredients for α-Amylase and α-Glucosidase from Raspberry (
Title: Telomere-to-Telomere gap-free genome assembly of the allotetraploid wild raspberry Rubus alceifolius Poir.
Title: Feeling the heat: Temperature and fertilizer's role in cooking up a high yielding raspberry crop ( 
Title: Case report: phlegmonous gastritis after endoscopic mucosal resection for a Helicobacter pylori-naïve foveolar-type gastric adenoma with a raspberry-like appearance.
Title: Functional gut microbiome signatures underlying interindividual variability in metabolic responses to red raspberry consumption.
Title: Fungicide Sensitivity Profiles of 
Title: In Vitro Safety Profiling and Leukoderma-Relevant Hazard Assessment of Raspberry Ketone Versus 
Title: A Case of Gastric Neuroendocrine Tumor With a Raspberry-Like Appearance on the Background of Acid-Suppressive Therapy-Related Gastropathy.
Title: AI-powered BlindSpot VisionGuide system on raspberry Pi for enhancing independence of visually impaired users.
Title: High-titer de novo raspberry ketone production in Yarrowia lipolytica via precursor supply engineering and fed-batch fermentation optimization.
Title: Development of a Flex-Seq SNP panel for raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) and validation through linkage map construction and identification of QTL for several traits of agronomic importance to raspberry breeding.
Title: Beyond prescription medicine in pregnancy - raspberry leaf and other herbs in Australia.
Title: In situ Ca²⁺‑cross‑linking effects on pectin-tragacanth films for fresh raspberry preservation.
Title: Raspberry protective role in inflammatory diseases: An overview.
Title: Portable Raspberry Pi Platform for Automated Interpretation of Lateral Flow Strip Tests.
Title: Black Raspberry and 
Title: A Comprehensive Study of Anthocyanins in Two Fungal-Resistant Grape Varieties, Blueberry and Raspberry, by High-Resolution Mass Spectrometry.
Title: Integrated transcriptomic and metabolomic analysis reveals the regulatory role of lignin biosynthesis in raspberry (Rubus niveus) prickle development.
Title: Red raspberry improves postprandial metabolic indices and cognitive function in older adults who are overweight or have obesity.
Title: Ellagitannins from red raspberry (
Title: Bioproduction of raspberry ketone using 
Title: Influence of β-Cyclodextrin on the Overall Antioxidant Activity and DPPH· Reaction Kinetics of Fresh Raspberry (
Title: Role of dislocations in self-assembled 2D layered raspberry surface to 3D flower-like microstructural evolution in hybrid halide perovskite.
Title: Predicting the physicochemical properties of sheep yogurt incorporated with fermented black raspberry juice.
Title: Raspberry Viruses in the Czech Republic, with Identification of a Novel Virus: Raspberry Virus A.
Title: A cost effective machine learning based network intrusion detection system using Raspberry Pi for real time analysis.
Title: Raspberry polysaccharide extraction, purification, structural characterization, and biological activity research progress: A review.
Title: Electrochemical Sensing of Lead Ions Using Ionophore-Modified Raspberry-like Fe
Title: Raspberry-like Rh-NiFeO
Title: A comprehensive analysis of the physiological and biochemical responses of raspberry cultivars to water stress.
Title: Chemical and flavour dynamics in 
Title: Annotated drowsiness detection dataset captured using Raspberry Pi 5.
Title: Aroma Profiling and Sensory Association of Six Raspberry Cultivars Using HS-SPME/GC-MS and OPLS-HDA.
Title: Immunomodulatory Effect of Raspberry (
Title: Gemmotherapy Extracts Like the Dog Rose, Lingonberry, Sea Buckthorn, Blackthorn, Common Grape, Hawthorn, Raspberry and Boxwood Feature Variable Yet Excelling Antimicrobial Effects.
Title: Cryopreservation of Rubus viruses in raspberry shoot tips via droplet-vitrification: assessment of viral preservation, localization, and post-thaw transmission capacity.
Title: Raspberry Pi-powered temperature monitoring of growth chamber microclimates.
Title: Spatial transcriptomic analysis of foveolar-type gastric adenoma with raspberry-like appearance.
Title: Night interruption enables electricity savings without compromising raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) cv. Polana and Prelude development in vertical farms.
Title: Raspberry-Colloid-Templated Catalysts as a Versatile and Stable Thermocatalytic Platform.
Title: Innovative real-time pressure monitoring system utilizing Raspberry Pi and IMU for industrial application.
Title: BeeCam-AprilTag: timing the flight duration of individual honey bees in remote field settings with AprilTag and Raspberry Pi.
Title: Multivariate Geostatistical Modeling of 
Title: Synergistic effect of fermented raspberry juice and high hydrostatic pressure along with coconut sap in chitosan coating for barramundi preservation.
Title: A cost-effective Raspberry Pi-based operant playback setup to evaluate auditory preferences in songbirds.
Title: Effects of Raspberry Leaf Tea Polyphenols on Postprandial Glucose and Insulin Responses in Healthy Adults.
Title: Incorporating Gallic Acid-Modified MXene Nanoparticles and Natural Deep Eutectic Solvents into Konjac Glucomannan for Enhanced Raspberry Preservation.
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of Black Raspberry Extract Against β-Amyloid-Induced Cytotoxicity in HT-22 Cells.
Title: The analysis of the composition and antioxidant properties of freeze-dried chokeberry, strawberry, blackberry and selected raspberry fruits.
Title: Suppression of Spotted Wing Drosophila, 
Title: Evaluation of GABA-Producing Fermented Whey Formulations: From Strain Selection to Raspberry-Enriched Beverages with Psychobiotic Potential.
Title: Time course measurements of leaf elevation angles during shade avoidance response in 
Title: Hydroethanolic Extracts of Raspberry (
Title: Integrated Transcriptomic and Metabolomic Analysis Reveals Nitrogen-Mediated Delay of Premature Leaf Senescence in Red Raspberry Leaves.
Title: Preparation and characterization of biomineralizing dentin bonding primer based on bioactive amphiphilic raspberry-like nanoparticles.
Title: Compact and Affordable Raspberry Pi-Based Multimodal Imaging System With Remote Monitoring Capabilities for Bioimaging Applications.
Title: Real-time facial recognition via multitask learning on raspberry Pi.
Title: The Impact of Different Concentrations of Raspberry Extract on the Ethyl Carbamate Content in Chinese Rice Wine.
Title: Effects of Encapsulation and In Vitro Digestion on Anthocyanin Composition and Antioxidant Activity of Raspberry Juice Powder.
Title: Cold Forceps Polypectomy with Jumbo Forceps for Foveolar-type Gastric Adenoma with a Raspberry-like Appearance in an Outpatient Setting.
Title: DNA-free CRISPR genome editing in raspberry (
Title: Improving Quality Management of 'Ready-To-Eat' Pomegranate Arils Using 
Title: Radiation Hardness Assurance by Redundancy in Raspberry Pi Zero W Computation Metrics via Total Ionizing Dose 60Co Testing for Spacecraft Applications: Erratum.
Title: Network Pharmacology Approach to Unveiling the Mechanism of Wolfberry Mulberry Raspberry Decoction in the Treatment of Sepsis-Induced Myocardial Dysfunction.
Title: Raspberry ketone alleviates radiation-induced lung injury through the STAT2-P2X7r/NLRP3 signaling pathway.
Title: Evaluation of quality and authenticity of raspberry ketone supplements by a multianalytical approach.
Title: Functional response of Anystis baccarum (Acari: Anystidae) preying on two raspberry pests: Aphis idaei (Hemiptera: Aphididae) and Neotetranychus rubi (Acari: Tetranychidae).
Title: Hepatoprotective activity of raspberry ketone against streptozotocin-induced type 2 diabetes in male rats.
Title: Raspberry Powder (Rubus idaeus L.) as a Natural Preservative in Aerobically Packaged Ground Beef: The Phytochemical Profile and Effect on Lipid Oxidation, Color Deterioration, and Microbial Growth during Storage.
Title: Pectin-type polysaccharides from raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.): structure characterization and activity against DSS-induced colitis.
Title: New Approaches in Cold Storage of Fruits: Impact of Postharvest Spermidine and Salicylic Acid Applications on Phenolic Compounds and Quality Characteristics of Raspberry Fruits.
Title: Integrated metabolomics and transcriptomics unravel the biosynthZaesis mechanism of anthocyanin in postharvest red raspberry (
Title: Analysis of Differences in Metabolite and Antioxidant Activity in Highland Red Raspberry Pulp Based on Widely Targeted Metabolomics.
Title: Polysaccharide Composition of Dietary Fiber During Raspberry and Blackberry Juice Production.
Title: Correction: Starkute et al. Characteristics of Unripened Cow Milk Curd Cheese Enriched with Raspberry (
Title: Effect of Raspberry (
Title: Storage Impact on the Physicochemical and Microbiological Stability of Apricot, Cherry, Raspberry, and Strawberry Jams.
Title: The road for red raspberry seeds valorization: A comprehensive review on the chemical composition, extraction techniques, bioactivity and applications.
Title: Differences in structure, antioxidant capacity and gut microbiota modulation of red raspberry pectic polysaccharides extracted by different methods.
Title: Acceleration of Image Classification and Object Tracking by the Intel Neural Compute Stick 2 with Power Efficiency Evaluation on Raspberry Pi 4B.
Title: Synthesis and Antifungal Activity of Raspberry Ketone Ester Derivatives as Potential Fungicides.
Title: Radiation Hardness Assurance by Redundancy in Raspberry Pi Zero W Computation Metrics via Total Ionizing Dose 60Co Testing for Spacecraft Applications.
Title: Increased Temperature Effects During Fruit Growth and Maturation on the Fruit Quality, Sensory and Antioxidant Properties of Raspberry (
Title: Molecular Characterization of 
Title: Raspberry-derived carbon dots for specific detection of intracellular copper ions.
Title: Revolutionizing healthcare: A review on cutting-edge innovations in Raspberry Pi-powered health monitoring sensors.
Title: Enhancing volatile retention and storage stability for encapsulated raspberry flavour powder.
Title: Therapeutic Potential of Raspberry Extract in High-Fat Diet-Induced Liver Injury via Apoptosis and AMPK/PPARα Pathways.
Title: Nutritional and antioxidant profiles of blackberry and raspberry genotypes.
Title: Antilisterial activity of tannin rich preparations isolated from raspberry (Rubus Idaeus L.) and strawberry (Fragaria X Ananassa Duch.) fruit.
Title: Black Raspberry Polyphenols Shape Metabolic Dysregulation and Perturbation in Gut Microbiota to Promote Lipid Metabolism and Liver Regeneration.
Title: Deep eutectic solvents-synergistic ultrasonic-assisted extraction of polyphenols from raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.): Optimization, mechanisms, and in vitro and cellular antioxidant activity.
Title: Preparation and properties of raspberry functional chewable tablets.
Title: Development of poly(lactic acid)/polyvinyl alcohol-based temperature-responsive shell-core nanofibers: Controlled release, biosafety evaluation, and application in raspberry preservation.
Title: Black raspberry seed oil - Chemical composition, antioxidant/antimicrobial activities and in vitro wound-healing potential.
Title: Microwave-assisted extraction of raspberry pomace phenolic compounds, and their bioaccessibility and bioactivity.
Title: Raspberry ameliorates renal fibrosis in rats with chronic kidney disease via the PI3K/Akt pathway.
Title: Discrimination and characterization of the volatile organic compounds in red and black raspberry wines fermented with different commercial Saccharomyces cerevisiae: An integrated analysis using E-nose, GC-MS, GC-IMS, and multivariate statistical models.
Title: Increased frontocortical microvascular raspberry density in frontotemporal lobar degeneration compared to Lewy body disease and control cases: a neuropathological study.
Title: Profiling a Raspberry Pi-Based Motor Imagery Classification to Facilitate At-Home BCI for Children with Disabilities.
Title: 
Title: OVision A raspberry Pi powered portable low cost medical device framework for cancer diagnosis.
Title: Determination of the Polyphenol Composition of Raspberry Leaf Using LC-MS/MS.
Title: Optimizing success rate with Nonlinear Mapping Control in a high-performance raspberry Pi-based light source target tracking system.
Title: Raspberry-like gold nano-conjugates of block copolymer prodrug based bicontinuous nanoparticles for cancer theranostics.
Title: Comparative metabolomic in-depth exploration of red raspberry: new insights into changes in phytochemicals between different breeds.
Title: Black raspberry supplementation on overweight and Helicobacter pylori infected mild dementia patients a pilot study.
Title: Combined effects of encapsulated raspberry powder and phosphate on the lipid oxidation, microbiological properties and shelf life of modified atmosphere packaged chicken nuggets during chilled storage.
Title: A CACTA-like transposon in the Anthocyanidin synthase 1 (Ans-1) gene is responsible for apricot fruit colour in the raspberry (Rubus idaeus) cultivar 'Varnes'.
Title: Properties of encapsulated raspberry powder and its efficacy for improving the color stability and amino acid composition of pastırma cemen pastes with different pH during long term cold-storage.
Title: Hybrid Carbohydrate-Lipid Nanocarriers: In Vitro Efficacy Gene-Rated by Association of UV-Absorbers and Raspberry Polyphenols Rich-Fraction.
Title: Color, Structure, and Thermal Stability of Alginate Films with Raspberry and/or Black Currant Seed Oils.
Title: Assembly and comparative analysis of the complete mitochondrial genome of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) revealing repeat-mediated recombination and gene transfer.
Title: Biostimulants with glycine betaine or kelp extract alleviate heat stress in red raspberry (Rubus idaeus).
Title: Ameliorative Effect of Raspberry Ketone on Hypothalamic Inflammation in High Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice.
Title: A comprehensive profiling of phenolic compounds and antioxidant activities of 24 varieties of red raspberry cultivated in Northeast China.
Title: Diverse domains of raspberry pectin: critical determinants for protecting against IBDs.
Title: Raspberry Pomace as a Good Additive to Apple Freeze-Dried Fruit Bars: Biological Properties and Sensory Evaluation.
Title: Variation in Chemical, Textural and Sensorial Traits Among Remontant Red Raspberry (
Title: The High-Quality Genome Sequencing and Analysis of Red Raspberry (
Title: Suppressive Effects of Geoje Raspberry (
Title: Nutrients, Phytochemicals, and Antioxidant Capacity of Red Raspberry Nectar Fermented with 
Title: Process Modeling and Convective Drying Optimization of Raspberry Pomace as a Fiber-Rich Functional Ingredient: Effect on Techno-Functional and Bioactive Properties.
Title: Biostimulant-Based Molecular Priming Improves Crop Quality and Enhances Yield of Raspberry and Strawberry Fruits.
Title: Incidence of aphid-transmitted viruses in raspberry and raspberry aphids in Norway and experiments on aphid transmission of black raspberry necrosis virus.
Title: The impact of different lactobacilli fermentations on secondary metabolites of red raspberry juice and their biotransformation pathways via metabolomics based on UHPLC-MS/MS.
Title: Synthesis of Raspberry-like PMMA Particles In a Ternary Solvent Mixture with Binary Initiators.
Title: Polyphenolic Compounds in the Stems of Raspberry (
Title: Black Raspberry Modulates Cecal and Oral Microbiomes at the Early Stage of a Dibenzo[def,p]chrysene-Induced Murine Oral Cancer Model.
Title: Study on the Mechanism of Raspberry (Rubi fructus) in Treating Type 2 Diabetes Based on UPLC-Q-Exactive Orbitrap MS, Network Pharmacology, and Experimental Validation.
Title: Raspberry-Like Plasmonic Nanoaggregates with Programmable Hierarchical Structures for Reproducible SERS Detection of Wastewater Pollutants and Biomarkers.
Title: Preparation and characterization of intelligent packaging labels based on pea starch, κ-carrageenan and black raspberry extract for monitoring freshness of pork.
Title: Imaging pollen using a Raspberry Pi and LED with deep learning.
Title: Enhancing cotton whitefly (Bemisia tabaci) detection and counting with a cost-effective deep learning approach on the Raspberry Pi.
Title: Prediction of the potential distribution of a raspberry (Rubus idaeus) in China based on MaxEnt model.
Title: Spatial distribution and fixed-precision sequential sampling plans for 
Title: Do Streptomyces sp. Help Mycorrhization in Raspberry?
Title: Facile Preparation of Raspberry-Like SiO
Title: Static and Dynamic Regulation of Precursor Supply Pathways to Enhance Raspberry Ketone Synthesis from Glucose in 
Title: Inhibition of benzo[a]pyrene-induced DNA adduct in buccal cells of smokers by black raspberry lozenges.
Title: Biomimetic Multi-Interface Design of Raspberry-like Absorbent: Gd-doped FeNi
Title: Drosophila suzukii (Diptera: Drosophilidae) Population Dynamics and Infestation in a Raspberry Orchard of Loukkos Area, Morocco.
Title: Widely Untargeted Metabolomics Profiling Combined with Transcriptome Analysis Provides New Insight into Amino Acid Biosynthesis at Different Developmental Stages of 
Title: Altered expression of a raspberry homologue of VRN1 is associated with disruption of dormancy induction and misregulation of subsets of dormancy-associated genes.
Title: The complete chloroplast genome sequence of red raspberry (
Title: PROTECTIVE EFFECT OF A NEW SUPEROXIDE-PRODUCING ENZYME COMPLEX FROM RASPBERRY IN RATS WITH THIRD-DEGREE THERMAL BURNS.
Title: Impact of microbial-based biopreparations on soil quality, plant health, and fruit chemistry in raspberry cultivation.
Title: Modification of Fungicide Treatment Needs and Antioxidant Content as a Result of Real-Time Ozonation of Raspberry Plants.
Title: Study on the signaling pathways involved in the anti-hyperglycemic effect of raspberry ketone on zebrafish using integrative transcriptome and metabolome analyses.
Title: A new raspberry ketone synthesis gene RinPKS4 identified in Rubus idaeus L. by transcriptome analysis.
Title: Complementary approaches to dissect late leaf rust resistance in an interspecific raspberry population.
Title: Durable, transparent and superhydrophobic coating with temperature-controlled dual-scale roughness by self-assembled raspberry nanoparticles.
Title: A recoverable hydrophilic deep eutectic solvent for efficient extraction of polyphenolic compounds from raspberry root.
Title: The effects of raspberry consumption on anthropometric indices and liver function tests in adults: a GRADE-assessed systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Correction: Correction: Development and application of multiplex targeted-sequencing approaches to identify Phytophthora species associated with root rot and wilting complex of red raspberry.
Title: A comparison of raspberry freezing-damage during preservation in isochoric and isobaric conditions.
Title: Enhanced data preprocessing with novel window function in Raman spectroscopy: Leveraging feature selection and machine learning for raspberry origin identification.
Title: The Influence of Zinc Oxide and Zinc Stearate on the Antimicrobial Activity of Coatings Containing Raspberry and Chokeberry Extracts.
Title: Untapped Potential of Side Stream Products from the Industrial Processing of Fruits: The Biosorption of Anthocyanins on Raspberry Seeds.
Title: Correction: Development and application of multiplex targeted-sequencing approaches to identify Phytophthora species associated with root rot and wilting complex of red raspberry.
Title: A high-quality genome assembly reveals adaptations underlying glossy, wax-coated leaves in the heat-tolerant wild raspberry Rubus leucanthus.
Title: Expression of Concern: Starkute et al. Characteristics of Unripened Cow Milk Curd Cheese Enriched with Raspberry (
Title: DATIV-Remote Enhancement of Smart Aerosol Measurement System Using Raspberry Pi-Based Distributed Sensors.
Title: Properties of encapsulated raspberry powder and its efficacy for improving the pH, colour quality and shelf life of modified atmosphere packaged chicken nuggets.
Title: Magnetic raspberry-like CuCo nanoalloy-embedded carbon as an enhanced activator of Oxone to degrade azo contaminant: Cu-induced hollowed structure and boosted activities.
Title: Raspberry Ketone Attenuates Hepatic Fibrogenesis and Inflammation via Regulating the Crosstalk of FXR and PGC-1α Signaling.
Title: The species, density, and intra-plant distribution of mites on red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.).
Title: Raspberry-shaped ZIF-8/Au nanozymes with excellent peroxidase-like activity for simple and visual detection of glutathione.
Title: The Effects of Raspberry Consumption on Glycemic Control and Inflammation Markers in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Red raspberry (
Title: Physicochemical Properties of 4-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-butan-2-one ("Raspberry Ketone") Evaluated Using a Computational Chemistry Approach.
Title: Raspberry-liked Pickering emulsions based inulin microparticles for enhanced antibacterial performance of essential oils.
Title: High-throughput color determination of red raspberry puree and correlation of color parameters with total anthocyanins.
Title: Corncob-derived biodegradable packaging films: A sustainable solution for raspberry post-harvest preservation.
Title: Valorisation of Raspberry Seeds in Cosmetic Industry-Green Solutions.
Title: Decoding the Effects of High Hydrostatic Pressure and High-Temperature Short-Time Sterilization on the Volatile Aroma Profile of Red Raspberry Juice.
Title: Quality Characteristics of Raspberry By-Products for Sustainable Production.
Title: Black raspberry-mediated metabolic changes in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis associated with rectal polyp regression.
Title: Exogenous melatonin prolongs raspberry postharvest life quality by increasing some antioxidant and enzyme activity and phytochemical contents.
Title: Microwave heating concentration of raspberry pulp: Evaluation of processing variables on concentration characteristics and quality attributes.
Title: Raspberry-like Nanoheterostructures Comprising Glutathione-Capped Gold Nanoclusters Grown on the Lanthanide Nanoparticle Surface.
Title: Raspberry Ketone Prevents LPS-Induced Depression-Like Behaviors in Mice by Inhibiting TLR-4/NF-κB Signaling Pathway via the Gut-Brain Axis.
Title: Genome Resource of Raspberry Root Rot Pathogen 
Title: Alginate Films Enriched in Raspberry and/or Black Currant Seed Oils as Active Food Packaging.
Title: Overview of the distinctive characteristics of strawberry, raspberry, and blueberry in berries, berry wines, and berry spirits.
Title: Response Surface Methodology for Optimization of Ultrasound-Assisted Antioxidants Extraction from Blackberry, Chokeberry and Raspberry Pomaces.
Title: A Study on the Modifying Effect of Raspberry Seed Oil on Rabbit Meat Quality and Chemical Composition.
Title: Foodomics uncovers functional and volatile metabolite dynamics in red raspberry chewable tablet optimized processing.
Title: Raspberry leaf (Rubus idaeus) use in pregnancy: a prospective observational study.
Title: The effects of raspberry consumption on lipid profile and blood pressure in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Nutritional and Phytochemical Characterization of Freeze-Dried Raspberry (
Title: PyDAP: Automated dental OPG beam area measurement using python and raspberry Pi camera.
Title: Investigating the inoculum dynamics of Cladosporium on the surface of raspberry fruits and in the air.
Title: A portable Raspberry Pi-based camera set-up to record behaviours of frogs and other small animals under artificial or natural shelters in remote locations.
Title: Evaluation of Antioxidant, Anti-inflammatory, and Antimicrobial Activities of Raspberry Fruit Extract: An In Vitro Study.
Title: Fungicide Sensitivity of 
Title: Bacteria Associated with Spores of Arbuscular Mycorrhizal Fungi Improve the Effectiveness of Fungal Inocula for Red Raspberry Biotization.
Title: Synthesis of Raspberry-like Nanoparticles via Surface Grafting of Positively Charged Polyelectrolyte Brushes: Colloidal Stability and Surface Properties.
Title: Enhanced oxidase mimic activity of raspberry-like N-doped Mn
Title: Analyzing the structure-activity relationship of raspberry polysaccharides using interpretable artificial neural network model.
Title: A new UHPLC-HRMS metabolomics approach for the rapid and comprehensive analysis of phenolic compounds in blueberry, raspberry, blackberry, cranberry and cherry fruits.
Title: Effects of steam explosion on raspberry leaf structure and the release of water-soluble nutrients and phenolics.
Title: Phytochemical profiling of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) honey and investigation of compounds related to its pollen occurrence.
Title: Raspberry polysaccharides attenuate hepatic inflammation and oxidative stress in diet-induced obese mice by enhancing butyrate-mediated intestinal barrier function.
Title: Amelioration of obesity and inflammation by polysaccharide from unripe fruits of raspberry via gut microbiota regulation.
Title: Microbial inactivation of pressure spray combined with high-voltage electrospray and its application in honey raspberry juice.
Title: Lavender Harbors More Viruses than Previously Thought: First Report of Raspberry Ringspot Virus and Phlox Virus M in 
Title: The Effects of Black Raspberry as a Whole Food-Based Approach on Biomarkers of Oxidative Stress in Buccal Cells and Urine of Smokers.
Title: Differences in primary metabolism related to quality of raspberry (
Title: Integrated 16s RNA sequencing and network pharmacology to explore the effects of polyphenol-rich raspberry leaf extract on weight control.
Title: Integration of Rubus yellow net virus in the raspberry genome: A story centuries in the making.
Title: The Influence of 
Title: Effects of Black Raspberry Supplementation on Methylation Pathways in 
Title: Raspberry-like PLA/PGS biodegradable microparticles with urethane linkages: Unlocking tailored release of magnesium ions and oxygen for bone tissue engineering.
Title: Rosaceae fruit transcriptome database (ROFT)-a useful genomic resource for comparing fruits of apple, peach, strawberry, and raspberry.
Title: Molecular Characterization of a Novel 
Title: Quality Characteristics of Raspberry Fruits from Dormancy Plants and Their Feasibility as Food Ingredients.
Title: Exploring the Antioxidant Potential of Blackberry and Raspberry Leaves: Phytochemical Analysis, Scavenging Activity, and In Vitro Polyphenol Bioaccessibility.
Title: Multi-component analyses of raspberry: Optimization of extraction procedure and network pharmacology.
Title: Raspberry polyphenols target molecular pathways of heart failure.
Title: Synthesis and Characterization of a Photocatalytic Material Based on Raspberry-like SiO
Title: Therapeutic Effects of Oral Application of Menthol and Extracts from Tormentil (
Title: Green Processing of Black Raspberry Pomace: Application of Sonotrode-Based Extraction Technique and Particles from Gas-Saturated Solutions (PGSS) Technology.
Title: Effect of Yogurt Addition on the Stability of Anthocyanin during Cold Storage of Strawberry, Raspberry, and Blueberry Smoothies.
Title: Optimized Single-Step Recovery of Lipophilic and Hydrophilic Compounds from Raspberry, Strawberry and Blackberry Pomaces Using a Simultaneous Ultrasound-Enzyme-Assisted Extraction (UEAE).
Title: Open Hardware for Microfluidics: Exploiting Raspberry Pi Singleboard Computer and Camera Systems for Customisable Laboratory Instrumentation.
Title: Electrochemistry of lyophilized blueberry and raspberry samples: ROS activation of the antioxidant ability of anthocyanins.
Title: Exploitation of Selected Sourdough 
Title: The Visibility of Changes in the Antioxidant Compound Profiles of Strawberry and Raspberry Fruits Subjected to Different Storage Conditions Using ATR-FTIR and Chemometrics.
Title: The Antioxidant and Prebiotic Activities of Mixtures Honey/Biomimetic NaDES and Polyphenols Show Differences between Honeysuckle and Raspberry Extracts.
Title: Boosting Electrochemiluminescence Immunoassay Sensitivity via Co-Pt Nanoparticles within a Ti
Title: Construction and genetic characterization of an interspecific raspberry hybrids panel aiming resistance to late leaf rust and adaptation to tropical regions.
Title: An Integrated Extraction-Purification Process for Raspberry Leaf Polyphenols and Their In Vitro Activities.
Title: Endoscopic Diagnosis Strategy of Raspberry-Shaped Gastric Lesion in Helicobacter Pylori-Uninfected Patient.
Title: Raspberry Ketone Accumulation in 
Title: Effect of combined convective hot air and far-infrared radiation on physic-chemical aspects of black raspberry powder produced by foam mat method.
Title: Yellow Himalayan Raspberry (
Title: Two-Step Upcycling Process of Lignocellulose into Edible Bacterial Nanocellulose with Black Raspberry Extract as an Active Ingredient.
Title: Physiological and transcriptomic analysis reveal the crucial factors in heat stress response of red raspberry 'Polka' seedlings.
Title: Cooperative Synthesis of Raspberry-Like Covalent Organic Framework-Polymer Particles with a Radial Single-Crystal Grain Orientation.
Title: Raspberry ketone ameliorates nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in rats by activating the AMPK pathway.
Title: Effects of Unripe Black Raspberry Extract Supplementation on Male Climacteric Syndrome and Voiding Dysfunction: A Pilot, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Title: Characteristics of Unripened Cow Milk Curd Cheese Enriched with Raspberry (
Title: The toxic effect caused by raspberry leaf tea during pregnancy.
Title: Raspberry polyphenols alleviate neurodegenerative diseases: through gut microbiota and ROS signals.
Title: Drugs and Lactation Database (LactMed®)
Title: Quantitative trait loci mapping of polyphenol metabolites from a 'Latham' x 'Glen Moy' red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L) cross.
Title: Fine-mesh exclusion netting reduces Drosophila suzukii (Diptera: Drosophilidae) infestation and improves organic fall-bearing raspberry yields.
Title: Physico-Chemical Properties, Fatty Acids Profile, and Economic Properties of Raspberry (
Title: Low-Cost Sensor for Lycopene Content Measurement in Tomato Based on Raspberry Pi 4.
Title: Raspberry Leaves and Extracts-Molecular Mechanism of Action and Its Effectiveness on Human Cervical Ripening and the Induction of Labor.
Title: Prebiotics Together with Raspberry Polyphenolic Extract Mitigate the Development of Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Diseases in Zucker Rats.
Title: Storage Quality Changes in Craft and Industrial Blueberry, Strawberry, Raspberry and Passion Fruit-Mango Sorbets.
Title: Raspberry ketone feeding makes Queensland fruit fly, Bactrocera tryoni (Froggatt), more vulnerable to desiccation but not starvation.
Title: Genome resources and whole genome resequencing of 
Title: A Robotized Raspberry-Based System for Pothole 3D Reconstruction and Mapping.
Title: Biochemical and Antioxidant Profiling of Raspberry Plant Parts for Sustainable Processing.
Title: Comparison of red raspberry and wild strawberry fruits reveals mechanisms of fruit type specification.
Title: Effects of nitrogen reduction combined with bio-organic fertilizer on soil bacterial community diversity of red raspberry orchard.
Title: Comprehensive Evaluation of 24 Red Raspberry Varieties in Northeast China Based on Nutrition and Taste.
Title: A robotic raspberry teaches machines how to pick fruit.
Title: Retracted: Red Raspberry Extract Decreases Depression-Like Behavior in Rats by Modulating Neuroinflammation and Oxidative Stress.
Title: Micronized Powder of Raspberry Pomace as a Source of Bioactive Compounds.
Title: A portable Raspberry Pi-based spectrometer for on-site spectral testing.
Title: Anti-inflammatory and cytotoxic effect of lycopene and raspberry in-situ gel.
Title: Arbuscular mycorrhizae influence raspberry growth and soil fertility under conventional and organic fertilization.
Title: Using the Raspberry Pi Virtual Reality (PiVR) System to Study 
Title: Tracking the Navigation Behavior of 
Title: In silico and in vitro studies of novel derivatives of tyrosol and raspberry ketone as the mushroom tyrosinase inhibitors.
Title: Extracellular proteolytic enzyme-mediated amino exposure and β-oxidation drive the raspberry aroma and creamy flavor formation.
Title: Raspberry ketone glucoside suppresses melanin synthesis through IL6/JAK1/STAT3 signal pathway.
Title: Chromosome-scale genome sequence assemblies of the 'Autumn Bliss' and 'Malling Jewel' cultivars of the highly heterozygous red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) derived from long-read Oxford Nanopore sequence data.
Title: Abscisic Acid Synthesis and Signaling during the Ripening of Raspberry (
Title: Raspberry ketone improves non-alcoholic fatty liver disease induced in rats by modulating sphingosine kinase/sphingosine-1-phosphate and toll-like receptor 4 pathways.
Title: Blueberry, cranberry, raspberry, and strawberry as modulators of the gut microbiota: target for treatment of gut dysbiosis in chronic kidney disease? From current evidence to future possibilities.
Title: A discriminant analysis of plasma metabolomics for the assessment of metabolic responsiveness to red raspberry consumption.
Title: Volatilomics of raspberry fruit germplasm by combining chromatographic and direct-injection mass spectrometric techniques.
Title: Molecular dynamics simulation of the interaction of a raspberry polygalacturonase (RiPG) with a PG inhibiting protein (RiPGIP) isolated from ripening raspberry (Rubus idaeus cv. Heritage) fruit as a model to understand proteins interaction during fruit softening.
Title: Genetic Characterization of Raspberry Bushy Dwarf Virus Isolated from Red Raspberry in Kazakhstan.
Title: Ball Detection Using Deep Learning Implemented on an Educational Robot Based on Raspberry Pi.
Title: Raspberry Extract as a Strategy to Improve the Oxidative Stability of Pork Burgers Enriched with Omega-3 Fatty Acids.
Title: Community pharmacist recommendations regarding raspberry leaf for induction of labor: A mystery caller approach.
Title: Anti-inflammatory activities of black raspberry seed ellagitannins and their structural effects on the stimulation of glucagon-like peptide-1 secretion and intestinal bitter taste receptors.
Title: Sex-Specific Effects on Total Body Fat Gain with 4-Week Daily Dosing of Raspberry Ketone [4-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-2-butanone] and Ketogenic Diet in Mice.
Title: Seed transmission of raspberry bushy dwarf virus is blocked in Nicotiana benthamiana plants by preventing virus entry into the embryo from the infected embryo sac and endosperm.
Title: The combined effect of Raspberry Ketone with Resveratrol against oxidative stress and steatohepatitis in rats: Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic studies.
Title: Raspberry plant stress detection using hyperspectral imaging.
Title: LC-MS/MS method for quantification of raspberry ketone in rat plasma: application to preclinical pharmacokinetic studies.
Title: Aloe Vera and Nopal mucilage on the reduction of agglomeration during spray drying and storage of blackberry and raspberry extracts.
Title: Effects of black raspberry extract on gut microbiota, microbial metabolites, and expressions of the genes involved in cholesterol and bile acid metabolisms in rats fed excessive choline with a high-fat diet.
Title: Self-Assembly of a Linear-Dendritic Polymer Containing Cisplatin and Norcantharidin into Raspberry-like Multimicelle Clusters for the Efficient Chemotherapy of Liver Cancer.
Title: Raspberry Ketone-Mediated Inhibition of Biofilm Formation in 
Title: Prevalence of Raspberry-type Gastric Foveolar-type Tumor in Individuals Undergoing Medical Checkups.
Title: The Effects of Blackcurrant and Raspberry Consumption on Blood Pressure: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Evaluating Plant Drought Resistance with a Raspberry Pi and Time-lapse Photography.
Title: KLF4 c.A1322C Mutation Is a Consistent and Specific Genetic Feature of Raspberry-like Foveolar-type Adenoma of the Stomach.
Title: Resistant Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia in a Patient Taking Raspberry Ketones Weight Loss Supplement.
Title: Photoelectric properties of the layered raspberry sandwich amorphous ZnCo
Title: RaspyControl Lab: A fully open-source and real-time remote laboratory for education in automatic control systems using Raspberry Pi and Python.
Title: FedSepsis: A Federated Multi-Modal Deep Learning-Based Internet of Medical Things Application for Early Detection of Sepsis from Electronic Health Records Using Raspberry Pi and Jetson Nano Devices.
Title: Dose-Related Regulatory Effect of Raspberry Polyphenolic Extract on Cecal Microbiota Activity, Lipid Metabolism and Inflammation in Rats Fed a Diet Rich in Saturated Fats.
Title: Influence of Seeds' Age and Clarification of Cold-Pressed Raspberry (
Title: Combination of UAV and Raspberry Pi 4B: Airspace detection of red imported fire ant nests using an improved YOLOv4 model.
Title: Rhododendrol, a reductive metabolite of raspberry ketone, suppresses the differentiation of 3T3‑L1 cells into adipocytes.
Title: Effect of high-voltage electrospray on the inactivation, induced damage and growth of microorganisms and flavour components of honey raspberry wine.
Title: Development of an automated colorimeter controlled by Raspberry Pi4.
Title: Small RNA profiling reveals the involvement of microRNA-mediated gene regulation in response to symbiosis in raspberry.
Title: Growth Cessation and Dormancy Induction in Micropropagated Plantlets of 
Title: UHPLC-Triple-TOF-MS Characterization, Antioxidant, Antimicrobial and Antiproliferative Activity of Raspberry (
Title: Portable, low-cost, Raspberry Pi-based optical sensor (PiSENS): continuous monitoring of atmospheric nitrogen dioxide.
Title: Red raspberry supplementation mitigates alcohol-induced liver injury associated with gut microbiota alteration and intestinal barrier dysfunction in mice.
Title: NADPH containing superoxide-producing thermostable complex from raspberry, apricot, grape, and grape seeds: isolation, purification, and properties.
Title: LabNet hardware control software for the Raspberry Pi.
Title: A low-cost and open-source measurement system to determine the Young's and shear moduli and Poisson's ratio of soft materials using a Raspberry Pi camera module and 3D printed parts.
Title: A novel open-source raspberry Pi-based behavioral testing in zebrafish.
Title: Raspberry Pi Platform Wireless Sensor Node for Low-Frequency Impedance Responses of PZT Interface.
Title: Mineral composition of repair raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) fruits.
Title: Utilization of spray-dried raspberry powder as a natural additive to improve oxidative stability, microbial quality and overcome the perception of discoloration in vacuum-packed ground beef during chilled storage.
Title: Raspberry-Like Gold Nanoparticles Based On Nanoclusters Anchored on Cyclodextrin-Functionalized Nanoparticles: Synthesis and Ultrasensitive Electrochemical Detection of Chromium(VI) Ions.
Title: Investigation of EEG-Based Biometric Identification Using State-of-the-Art Neural Architectures on a Real-Time Raspberry Pi-Based System.
Title: Study on the technology of brewing red raspberry wine by using new immobilized yeast technology.
Title: Gastric Foveolar-type Adenocarcinoma with Raspberry-like Appearance in a Helicobacter pylori-uninfected Stomach: A Long-term Retrospective Follow-up of 16 Years.
Title: Metabolic gene signature in white adipose tissue of oral doses raspberry ketone [4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-2-butanone] that prevent diet-induced weight gain and induce loss of righting reflex.
Title: PiRamid: A compact Raspberry Pi imaging box to automate small-scale time-lapse digital analysis, suitable for laboratory and field use.
Title: Enzymatic acylation of cyanidin-3-
Title: Development and application of multiplex targeted-sequencing approaches to identify Phytophthora species associated with root rot and wilting complex of red raspberry.
Title: Nutrient content prediction and geographical origin identification of red raspberry fruits by combining hyperspectral imaging with chemometrics.
Title: Transformation of theranostic alginate-based microbubbles from raspberry-like to core-shell-like microbubbles and 
Title: Treatment of Human HeLa Cells with Black Raspberry Extracts Enhances the Removal of DNA Lesions by the Nucleotide Excision Repair Mechanism.
Title: Metabolic fate of black raspberry polyphenols in association with gut microbiota of different origins in vitro.
Title: Isolation of Phenolic Compounds from Raspberry Based on Molecular Imprinting Techniques and Investigation of Their Anti-Alzheimer's Disease Properties.
Title: Relationship between Phenolic Compounds and Antioxidant Activity in Berries and Leaves of Raspberry Genotypes and Their Genotyping by SSR Markers.
Title: Red Raspberry Seed Oil Low Energy Nanoemulsions: Influence of Surfactants, Antioxidants, and Temperature on Oxidative Stability.
Title: Black Raspberry Extract Enhances Glutathione Conjugation of the Fjord-Region Diol Epoxide Derived from the Tobacco Carcinogen Dibenzo[
Title: Raspberry-like AgBiS
Title: FoamPi: An open-source raspberry Pi based apparatus for monitoring polyurethane foam reactions.
Title: Exclusion and Repulsion of 
Title: Raspberry Pi based Modular System for Multichannel Event-Driven Functional Electrical Stimulation Control.
Title: One-Step Solvothermal Synthesis of Raspberry-like NiCo-MOF for High-Performance Flexible Supercapacitors for a Wide Operation Temperature Range.
Title: Aqueous construction of raspberry-like ZIF-8 hierarchical structures with enhanced superhydrophobic performance.
Title: Potential health benefits of blueberry and raspberry pomace as functional food ingredients: Dietetic intervention study on healthy women volunteers.
Title: Sirtuin1 (SIRT1) is involved in the anticancer effect of black raspberry anthocyanins in colorectal cancer.
Title: Black raspberry extract inhibits regulatory T-cell activity in a murine model of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma chemoprevention.
Title: Evaluation of real-time nutrient analysis of fertilized raspberry using petiole sap.
Title: Spatially targeting and regulating tumor-associated macrophages using a raspberry-like micellar system sensitizes pancreatic cancer chemoimmunotherapy.
Title: Preparation, physicochemical and application evaluation of raspberry anthocyanin and curcumin based on chitosan/starch/gelatin film.
Title: Effect of High Hydrostatic Pressure and Pulsed Electric Fields Processes on Microbial Safety and Quality of Black/Red Raspberry Juice.
Title: Characterization of 
Title: Development of Screening Assays for Pathogen Virulence and Resistance to Phytophthora Root Rot and Wilting Complex in Raspberry.
Title: Raspberry-Shaped Microgels Assembled at the Oil-Water Interface by Heterocoagulation of Complementary Microgels.
Title: Structural Characteristics, Antioxidant, and Immunostimulatory Activities of an Acidic Polysaccharide from Raspberry Pulp.
Title: DSAIL power management board: Powering the Raspberry Pi autonomously off the grid.
Title: Black raspberry extract can lower serum LDL cholesterol via modulation of gut microbial composition and serum bile acid profile in rats fed trimethylamine-N-oxide with a high-fat diet.
Title: Optimization of accelerated solvent extraction of ellagitannins in black raspberry seeds using artificial neural network coupled with genetic algorithm.
Title: Potential tradeoffs between effects of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi inoculation, soil organic matter content and fertilizer application in raspberry production.
Title: Identification of herbivore-induced plant volatiles from selected Rubus species fed upon by raspberry bud moth (Heterocrossa rubophaga) larvae.
Title: Raspberry Ice Cream.
Title: Red Raspberry Extract Decreases Depression-Like Behavior in Rats by Modulating Neuroinflammation and Oxidative Stress.
Title: Raspberry Shake-Based Rapid Structural Identification of Existing Buildings Subject to Earthquake Ground Motion: The Case Study of Bucharest.
Title: In Vitro Antioxidant and Prooxidant Activities of Red Raspberry (
Title: Easy as piadcs: A low-cost, ultra-high-resolution data acquisition system using a Raspberry Pi.
Title: Application of an Eco-Friendly Antifungal Active Package to Extend the Shelf Life of Fresh Red Raspberry (
Title: A Black Raspberry-Rich Diet Protects From Dextran Sulfate Sodium-Induced Intestinal Inflammation and Host Metabolic Perturbation in Association With Increased Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor Ligands in the Gut Microbiota of Mice.
Title: Forensic view on two Raspberry Shake burglargrams.
Title: Development and Testing of a 5G Multichannel Intelligent Seismograph Based on Raspberry Pi.
Title: Removal of Methylene Blue from Aqueous Solutions Using a New Natural Lignocellulosic Adsorbent-Raspberry (
Title: Groundcovers and Rain Shelters Alter Co-Occurrence Patterns among Ground Beetle Communities in an Organic Raspberry Crop.
Title: Corrigendum to 'Raspberry consumption: identification of distinct immune-metabolic response profiles by whole blood transcriptome profiling' [Journal of Nutritional Biochemistry 101C (2022) 108946].
Title: Raspberry stalks-derived biochar, magnetic biochar and urea modified magnetic biochar - Synthesis, characterization and application for As(V) and Cr(VI) removal from river water.
Title: Deciphering the Molecular Mechanism of Red Raspberry in Apoptosis of Liver Cancer Cells.
Title: Raspberry Pi based photovoltaic I-V curve tracer.
Title: Raspberry ketone promotes FNDC5 protein expression via HO-1 upregulation in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Title: Raspberry and blackberry act in a synergistic manner to improve cardiac redox proteins and reduce NF-κB and SAPK/JNK in mice fed a high-fat, high-sucrose diet.
Title: A strategy for preparing controllable, superhydrophobic, strongly sticky surfaces using SiO
Title: Gut Microbial Signatures of Distinct Trimethylamine N-Oxide Response to Raspberry Consumption.
Title: Characterization of carotenoids and phenolics during fruit ripening of Chinese raspberry (
Title: Effects of red raspberry polyphenols and metabolites on the biomarkers of inflammation and insulin resistance in type 2 diabetes: a pilot study.
Title: Red Raspberry and Fructo-Oligosaccharide Supplementation, Metabolic Biomarkers, and the Gut Microbiota in Adults with Prediabetes: A Randomized Crossover Clinical Trial.
Title: The value of 'raspberry bodies' in intraoperative cytologic evaluation of adnexal masses for the diagnosis of clear cell carcinoma of the ovary: A cytological-pathological correlation.
Title: An Organic Solvent-Free Method for the Extraction of Ellagic Acid Compounds from Raspberry Wine Pomace with Assistance of Sodium Bicarbonate.
Title: A simple, low-cost instrument for electrochemiluminescence immunoassays based on a Raspberry Pi and screen-printed electrodes.
Title: Known and Potential Invertebrate Vectors of Raspberry Viruses.
Title: A DNA Biosensor Based on a Raspberry-like Hierarchical Nano-structure for the Determination of the Anticancer Drug Nilotinib.
Title: Analysis of a Multi-Environment Trial for Black Raspberry (
Title: Raspberry Pi-Based Sleep Posture Recognition System Using AIoT Technique.
Title: A chromosome-level genome sequence assembly of the red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.).
Title: Transfer of MS2 bacteriophage from surfaces to raspberry and pitanga fruits and virus survival in response to sanitization, frozen storage and preservation technologies.
Title: Construction and Sensing Amplification of Raspberry-Shaped MOF@MOF.
Title: Isolation, Structural Characterization and Macrophage Activation Activity of an Acidic Polysaccharide from Raspberry Pulp.
Title: Glucose-Derived Raspberry Ketone Produced via Engineered 
Title: Embedded Machine Learning Using a Multi-Thread Algorithm on a Raspberry Pi Platform to Improve Prosthetic Hand Performance.
Title: Simultaneous Hydrolysis of Ellagitannins and Extraction of Ellagic Acid from Defatted Raspberry Seeds Using Natural Deep Eutectic Solvents (NADES).
Title: Survey of Raspberry Leaf Tea in pregnancy.
Title: Enzyme-extracted raspberry pectin exhibits a high-branched structure and enhanced anti-inflammatory properties than hot acid-extracted pectin.
Title: The creation of raspberry-like droplets and their coalescence dynamics: An ideal model for certain biological processes.
Title: Raspberry-like CuWO
Title: Chemical, microbial, color, oxidative and sensory properties of clean-label pastırma produced with raspberry water extracts as a novel ingredient.
Title: Low-cost Imaging of Fluorescent DNA in Agarose Gel Electrophoresis using Raspberry Pi cameras.
Title: Effect of 
Title: [A case of foveolar-type gastric adenocarcinoma with a raspberry-like appearance followed up by endoscopy].
Title: Raspberry consumption: identification of distinct immune-metabolic response profiles by whole blood transcriptome profiling.
Title: Assessment of different mechanical treatments for improving the anaerobic biodegradability of residual raspberry extrudate.
Title: Effect of dietary fiber addition on the content and in vitro bioaccessibility of antioxidants in red raspberry puree.
Title: Spontaneous Formation and Fusion of Raspberry Vesicle Self-Assembled from Star Block Terpolymers in Aqueous Solution.
Title: Modulation of Gut Microbiota by 
Title: Raspberry 
Title: Potential metabolic activities of raspberry ketone.
Title: Characterization of a Raspberry Pi as the Core for a Low-cost Multimodal EEG-fNIRS Platform.
Title: A lab-on-a-tube biosensor for automatic detection of foodborne bacteria using rotated Halbach magnetic separation and Raspberry Pi imaging.
Title: Modulation of the oral glucocorticoid system during black raspberry mediated oral cancer chemoprevention.
Title: Reduced Body Fat and Epididymal Adipose 
Title: Conceptual design of smart multi-farm produce dehydrator using a low-cost programmable logic controller and raspberry pi.
Title: Black raspberry extract shifted gut microbe diversity and their metabolic landscape in a human colonic model.
Title: All-Organic Superhydrophobic Coating Comprising Raspberry-Like Particles and Fluorinated Polyurethane Prepared via Thiol-Click Reaction.
Title: Triacylglycerol and Fatty Acid Compositions of Blackberry, Red Raspberry, Black Raspberry, Blueberry and Cranberry Seed Oils by Ultra-Performance Convergence Chromatography-Quadrupole Time-of-Flight Mass Spectrometry.
Title: Cold-pressed raspberry seeds oil ameliorates high-fat diet triggered non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Title: Formation of texture quality of raspberry snack under microwave puffing.
Title: Black raspberry restores the expression of the tumor suppressor p120ctn in the oral cavity of mice treated with the carcinogen dibenzo[a,l]pyrene diol epoxide.
Title: Raspberry Pi nest cameras: An affordable tool for remote behavioral and conservation monitoring of bird nests.
Title: "Raspberry" Hierarchical Topographic Features Regulate Human Mesenchymal Stem Cell Adhesion and Differentiation via Enhanced Mechanosensing.
Title: High-yield 'one-pot' biosynthesis of raspberry ketone, a high-value fine chemical.
Title: Influence of Raspberry and Its Dietary Fractions on the In vitro Activity of the Colonic Microbiota from Normal and Overweight Subjects.
Title: Effects of Light Spectral Quality on the Micropropagated Raspberry Plants during Ex Vitro Adaptation.
Title: Raspberry Pi-Based Data Archival System for Electroencephalogram Signals From the SedLine Root Device.
Title: Half-raspberry-like bimetallic nanoassembly: Interstitial dependent correlated surface plasmon resonances and surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy.
Title: Plant Leaf Detection and Counting in a Greenhouse during Day and Nighttime Using a Raspberry Pi NoIR Camera.
Title: Porting Rulex Software to the Raspberry Pi for Machine Learning Applications on the Edge.
Title: Antioxidant properties of red raspberry extract alleviate hepatic fibrosis via inducing apoptosis and transdifferentiation of activated hepatic stellate cells.
Title: Enzymatic acylation of raspberry anthocyanin: Evaluations on its stability and oxidative stress prevention.
Title: Development and validation of a micro-QuEChERS method with high-throughput enhanced matrix removal followed with UHPLC-QqQ-MS/MS for analysis of raspberry ketone-related phenolic compounds in adipose tissues.
Title: Black raspberry (Rubus occidentalis) attenuates inflammatory markers and vascular endothelial dysfunction in Wistar rats fed a high-fat diet with fructose solution.
Title: Deep and Machine Learning Using SEM, FTIR, and Texture Analysis to Detect Polysaccharide in Raspberry Powders.
Title: One Metre Plus (1M+): A Multifunctional Open-Source Sensor for Bicycles Based on Raspberry Pi.
Title: Effects of Dietary Red Raspberry Consumption on Pre-Diabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Parameters.
Title: Development of fruit color in Rubus chingii Hu (Chinese raspberry): A story about novel offshoots of anthocyanin and carotenoid biosynthesis.
Title: Raspberry ketone diet supplement reduces attraction of sterile male Queensland fruit fly to cuelure by altering expression of chemoreceptor genes.
Title: Does Organic Farming Increase Raspberry Quality, Aroma and Beneficial Bacterial Biodiversity?
Title: Exploring Genotype-by-Environment Interactions of Chemical Composition of Raspberry by Using a Metabolomics Approach.
Title: Correction to: Refactoring of a synthetic raspberry ketone pathway with EcoFlex.
Title: Production of raspberry ketone by redirecting the metabolic flux to the phenylpropanoid pathway in tobacco plants.
Title: Federated Semi-Supervised Multi-Task Learning to Detect COVID-19 and Lungs Segmentation Marking Using Chest Radiography Images and Raspberry Pi Devices: An Internet of Medical Things Application.
Title: Pharmacokinetic Evaluation of Red Raspberry (Poly)phenols from Two Doses and Association with Metabolic Indices in Adults with Prediabetes and Insulin Resistance.
Title: Combined transcriptomic and metabolic analyses reveal potential mechanism for fruit development and quality control of Chinese raspberry (Rubus chingii Hu).
Title: [Overexpression of a fusion protein of 4-coumaroyl-CoA ligase and polyketide synthase for raspberry ketone production in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii].
Title: Pre-release dietary supplements of methoprene and raspberry ketone increase field abundance of sterile Queensland fruit flies (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Title: Sharing an Open Stimulation System for Auditory EEG Experiments Using Python, Raspberry Pi, and HifiBerry.
Title: Raspberry Extract With Potential Antitumor Activity Against Cervical Cancer.
Title: Colorimetric films based on pectin/sodium alginate/xanthan gum incorporated with raspberry pomace extract for monitoring protein-rich food freshness.
Title: Platinum nanoparticles-embedded raspberry-liked SiO
Title: Bioactive Compounds of Raspberry Oil Emulsions Induced Oxidative Stress via Stimulating the Accumulation of Reactive Oxygen Species and NO in Cancer Cells.
Title: Pharmacological Exploration of Phenolic Compound: Raspberry Ketone-Update 2020.
Title: Evaluation of Probiotic Properties of 
Title: 
Title: Biological control of important fungal diseases of potato and raspberry by two 
Title: Engineering the Surface Pattern of Microparticles: From Raspberry-like to Golf Ball-like.
Title: Fabrication of Raspberry-like Cytochrome C Surface-Imprinted Nanoparticles Based on MOF Composites for High-Performance Protein Separation.
Title: Light-intensity switch enabled nonsynchronous growth of fluorinated raspberry-like nanoparticles.
Title: Refactoring of a synthetic raspberry ketone pathway with EcoFlex.
Title: Quality control of dietary supplements: An economic green spectrofluorimetric assay of Raspberry ketone and its application to weight variation testing.
Title: Sensing Optimum in the Raw: Leveraging the Raw-Data Imaging Capabilities of Raspberry Pi for Diagnostics Applications.
Title: Red Raspberry (
Title: Sporadic foveolar-type gastric adenoma with a raspberry-like appearance in Helicobacter pylori-naïve patients.
Title: Towards precision apiculture: Traditional and technological insect monitoring methods in strawberry and raspberry crop polytunnels tell different pollination stories.
Title: An ADH toolbox for raspberry ketone production from natural resources via a biocatalytic cascade.
Title: COVID-19 diagnosis from CT scans and chest X-ray images using low-cost Raspberry Pi.
Title: Multiple Roles of Black Raspberry Anthocyanins Protecting against Alcoholic Liver Disease.
Title: A Raspberry Pi-Based Traumatic Brain Injury Detection System for Single-Channel Electroencephalogram.
Title: Effect of Fortification with Raspberry Juice on the Antioxidant and Potentially Anti-Inflammatory Activity of Wafers Subjected to In Vitro Digestion.
Title: Protective effects of the fruit extract of raspberry (
Title: Quality assessment of cold-pressed strawberry, raspberry and blackberry seed oils intended for cosmetic purposes.
Title: Active position stabilization of an atomic cloud in a narrow-line magneto-optical trap using a Raspberry Pi.
Title: Metabolite profile and genes/proteins expression in β-citraturin biosynthesis during fruit ripening in Chinese raspberry (Rubus chingii Hu).
Title: Biowaste as a Potential Source of Bioactive Compounds-A Case Study of Raspberry Fruit Pomace.
Title: Poly(vinyl chloride) Composites with Raspberry Pomace Filler.
Title: Potentials of Raspberry Ketone as a Natural Antioxidant.
Title: Fructo-Oligosaccharides and Pectins Enhance Beneficial Effects of Raspberry Polyphenols in Rats with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver.
Title: Detection and monitoring of Drosophila suzukii in raspberry and cherry orchards with volatile organic compounds in the USA and Europe.
Title: Efficient bioconversion of raspberry ketone in Escherichia coli using fatty acids feedstocks.
Title: Monitoring System of Drowsiness and Lost Focused Driver Using Raspberry Pi.
Title: Efficient Biosynthesis of Raspberry Ketone by Engineered 
Title: Biophysical effects, safety and efficacy of raspberry leaf use in pregnancy: a systematic integrative review.
Title: Achieving super-broad effective absorption bandwidth with low filler loading for graphene aerogels/raspberry-like CoFe
Title: The Raspberry Pi auto-aligner: Machine learning for automated alignment of laser beams.
Title: A microfluidic biosensor for rapid and automatic detection of Salmonella using metal-organic framework and Raspberry Pi.
Title: Ex vivo fecal fermentation of human ileal fluid collected after raspberry consumption modifies (poly)phenolics and modulates genoprotective effects in colonic epithelial cells.
Title: Diversity of the microbial community and antioxidant activity during fermentation of red raspberry Enzymes.
Title: Polyglycerol Ester-Based Low Energy Nanoemulsions with Red Raspberry Seed Oil and Fruit Extracts: Formulation Development toward Effective In Vitro/In Vivo Bioperformance.
Title: A Low-Cost, Ear-Contactless Electronic Stethoscope Powered by Raspberry Pi for Auscultation of Patients With COVID-19: Prototype Development and Feasibility Study.
Title: Chemical Composition, Antioxidant and Antimicrobial Activity of Raspberry, Blackberry and Raspberry-Blackberry Hybrid Leaf Buds.
Title: Differential Effects of Whole Red Raspberry Polyphenols and Their Gut Metabolite Urolithin A on Neuroinflammation in BV-2 Microglia.
Title: Effects of Daily Raspberry Consumption on Immune-Metabolic Health in Subjects at Risk of Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Clinicopathological and Endoscopic Features of Raspberry-Shaped Gastric Cancer in Helicobacter pylori-Uninfected Patients.
Title: Two Grapes Short of a Fruit Salad: Raspberry-, Strawberry-, and Seedpod-Like Organic Microspheres via Colloidal Nanotemplating.
Title: Synthesis of raspberry-like antimony-platinum (SbPt) nanoparticles as highly active electrocatalysts for hydrogen evolution reaction.
Title: PAA/ZnO Raspberry-Shaped Composite Microspheres Decorated with Ag Nanoparticles as Cleanable SERS Substrates.
Title: Raspberry Ketones Attenuate Cyclophosphamide-Induced Pulmonary Toxicity in Mice through Inhibition of Oxidative Stress and NF-ΚB Pathway.
Title: Digital video recorder for Raspberry PI cameras with multi-camera synchronous acquisition.
Title: Whole Red Raspberry (
Title: Growth, Sporulation, and Pathogenicity of the Raspberry Pathogen 
Title: Large area Al
Title: Unripe Black Raspberry (
Title: Compositional Features of the "Kweli" Red Raspberry and Its Antioxidant and Antimicrobial Activities.
Title: Electrophysiological Responses to Cuelure of Raspberry Ketone-Fed Queensland Fruit Flies.
Title: Plasma and Urinary (Poly)phenolic Profiles after 4-Week Red Raspberry (
Title: Bioaccessible Raspberry Extracts Enriched in Ellagitannins and Ellagic Acid Derivatives Have Anti-Neuroinflammatory Properties.
Title: Application of near infra-red spectroscopy as an instantaneous and simultaneous prediction tool for anthocyanins and sugar in whole fresh raspberry.
Title: Optimization Ultrasound-Assisted Deep Eutectic Solvent Extraction of Anthocyanins from Raspberry Using Response Surface Methodology Coupled with Genetic Algorithm.
Title: Raspberry Pi implemented with MATLAB simulation and communication of physiological signal-based fast chaff point (RPSC) generation algorithm for WBAN systems.
Title: Comparison of antiaging, anti-melanogenesis effects, and active components of Raspberry (Rubus occidentalis L.) extracts according to maturity.
Title: Home automation using general purpose household electric appliances with Raspberry Pi and commercial smartphone.
Title: Comprehensive analysis of the chemical structure of lignin from raspberry stalks (Rubus idaeus L.).
Title: Characterizing the Efficacy of a Film-Forming Antitranspirant on Raspberry Foliar and Fruit Transpiration.
Title: Coronary vasospasm and raspberry ketones weight-loss supplement: Is there a connection?
Title: Flow Rate and Raspberry Pi-based Paper Microfluidic Blood Coagulation Assay Device.
Title: Robust Superamphiphobic Coatings Based on Raspberry-like Hollow SnO
Title: A 70-Year Old Man With Raspberry-Like Tumors on the Nipples: Answer.
Title: Protective Effects of Black Raspberry (
Title: Transcriptome profiling of raspberry (
Title: [Strawberry and raspberry anaphylaxis].
Title: Effects of calcium chloride treatment on softening in red raspberry fruit during low-temperature storage.
Title: Insights into the major aroma-active compounds in clear red raspberry juice (Rubus idaeus L. cv. Heritage) by molecular sensory science approaches.
Title: (7Z)-Tricosene Improves Pheromone Trap Catch of Raspberry Bud Moth, Heterocrossa rubophaga.
Title: Evidence of Rubus Yellow Net Virus Integration into the Red Raspberry Genome.
Title: Tunable plasmonics of hollow raspberry-like nanogold for the robust Raman scattering detection of antibiotics on a portable Raman spectrometer.
Title: Authentication of "Adelita" Raspberry Cultivar Based on Physical Properties, Antioxidant Activity and Volatile Profile.
Title: Chemical and Sensory Characterisation of Two 
Title: Identification of Known and Novel MicroRNAs in Raspberry Organs Through High-Throughput Sequencing.
Title: Acute feeding suppression and toxicity of raspberry ketone [4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-2-butanone] in mice.
Title: Raspberry Ketone [4-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-2-Butanone] Differentially Effects Meal Patterns and Cardiovascular Parameters in Mice.
Title: Effect of Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Torulaspora delbrueckii and malolactic fermentation on fermentation kinetics and sensory property of black raspberry wines.
Title: Cellulose as a Delivery System of Raspberry Juice Volatiles and Their Stability.
Title: Comparative Trap Catches of Male Bactrocera, Dacus, and Zeugodacus Fruit Flies (Diptera: Tephritidae) With Four Floral Phenylbutanoid Lures (Anisyl Acetone, Cue-Lure, Raspberry Ketone, and Zingerone) in Queensland, Australia.
Title: The Characterization of Ground Raspberry Seeds and the Physiological Response to Supplementation in Hypertensive and Normotensive Rats.
Title: Raspberry leaf blotch emaravirus in Bosnia and Herzegovina: population structure and systemic movement.
Title: 
Title: Hepatoprotective effect of Raspberry ketone and white tea against acrylamide-induced toxicity in rats.
Title: Open-source raspberry Pi-based operant box for translational behavioral testing in rodents.
Title: UHPLC-QqQ-MS/MS method development and validation with statistical analysis: Determination of raspberry ketone metabolites in mice plasma and brain.
Title: Time-resolved fluorescence resonance energy transfer-based lateral flow immunoassay using a raspberry-type europium particle and a single membrane for the detection of cardiac troponin I.
Title: Properties of raspberry powder obtained by a new method of fluidised-bed jet milling and drying compared to other drying methods.
Title: Raspberry, Rape, Thyme, Sunflower and Mint Honeys Authentication Using Voltammetric Tongue.
Title: Synthesis of the character impact compound raspberry ketone and additional flavoring phenylbutanoids of biotechnological interest with Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Title: Raspberry-like Pd
Title: Low-energy nanoemulsions as carriers for red raspberry seed oil: Formulation approach based on Raman spectroscopy and textural analysis, physicochemical properties, stability and in vitro antioxidant/ biological activity.
Title: Raspberry extract promoted longevity and stress tolerance via the insulin/IGF signaling pathway and DAF-16 in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Title: The Interaction between Antioxidants Content and Allergenic Potency of Different Raspberry Cultivars.
Title: Shape engineering of polystyrene particles from spherical to raspberry-like to hollow flower-like 
Title: Dose-Dependent Increases in Ellagitannin Metabolites as Biomarkers of Intake in Humans Consuming Standardized Black Raspberry Food Products Designed for Clinical Trials.
Title: Phenolic Composition, Mineral Content, and Beneficial Bioactivities of Leaf Extracts from Black Currant (
Title: Influence of Diet-Induced Obesity on the Bioavailability and Metabolism of Raspberry Ketone (4-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-2-Butanone) in Mice.
Title: Effect of temperature on stability of anthocyanins, ascorbic acid and color in strawberry and raspberry jams.
Title: Facile synthesis of FeCo layered double oxide/raspberry-like carbon microspheres with hierarchical structure for electromagnetic wave absorption.
Title: Assessing the Influence of Temperature Changes on the Geometric Stability of Smartphone- and Raspberry Pi Cameras.
Title: Anti-aging and brightening effects of a topical treatment containing vitamin C, vitamin E, and raspberry leaf cell culture extract: A split-face, randomized controlled trial.
Title: Black Raspberry Inhibits Oral Tumors in Mice Treated with the Tobacco Smoke Constituent Dibenzo(def,p)chrysene Via Genetic and Epigenetic Alterations.
Title: Development of TaqMan real-time RT-PCR for sensitive detection of diverse Raspberry ringspot virus isolates.
Title: The raspberry bushy dwarf virus 1b gene enables pollen grains to function efficiently in horizontal pollen transmission.
Title: Comparison of fermentation behaviors and properties of raspberry wines by spontaneous and controlled alcoholic fermentations.
Title: Effect of microencapsulation using soy protein isolate and gum arabic as wall material on red raspberry anthocyanin stability, characterization, and simulated gastrointestinal conditions.
Title: Brain tumor segmentation approach based on the extreme learning machine and significantly fast and robust fuzzy C-means clustering algorithms running on Raspberry Pi hardware.
Title: Red Raspberry Polyphenols Attenuate High-Fat Diet-Driven Activation of NLRP3 Inflammasome and its Paracrine Suppression of Adipogenesis via Histone Modifications.
Title: Upregulation of DKK3 by miR-483-3p plays an important role in the chemoprevention of colorectal cancer mediated by black raspberry anthocyanins.
Title: Synthesis of Long-Term Stable Gold Nanoparticles Benefiting from Red Raspberry (
Title: Raspberry-Like Mesoporous Zn
Title: Phytochemical Characterization of Commercial Processed Blueberry, Blackberry, Blackcurrant, Cranberry, and Raspberry and Their Antioxidant Activity.
Title: Quantitative Analyses of Nine Phenolic Compounds and Their Antioxidant Activities from Thirty-Seven Varieties of Raspberry Grown in the Qinghai-Tibetan Plateau Region.
Title: Microbial Safety of Dairy Manure Fertilizer Application in Raspberry Production.
Title: Biochemical characterization of an organic solvent-tolerant glycosyltransferase from Bacillus licheniformis PI15 with potential application for raspberry ketone glycoside production.
Title: Effect of Raspberry Ketone on Normal, Obese and Health-Compromised Obese Mice: A Preliminary Study.
Title: Phenolics and Carotenoid Contents in the Leaves of Different Organic and Conventional Raspberry (
Title: Hepatoprotective activity of raspberry ketone is mediated 
Title: A 70-Year-Old Man With Raspberry-Like Tumors on the Nipples: Challenge.
Title: Sn
Title: Investigation and response to an outbreak of leptospirosis among raspberry workers in Australia, 2018.
Title: Raspberry-Shaped Thermochromic Energy Storage Nanocapsule with Tunable Sunlight Absorption Based on Color Change for Temperature Regulation.
Title: Raspberry seeds extract selectively inhibits the growth of human lung cancer cells 
Title: Black Raspberry (
Title: Predictive Maintenance with Sensor Data Analytics on a Raspberry Pi-Based Experimental Platform.
Title: Raspberry-Like Microspheres of Core-Shell Cr
Title: A System for Weeds and Crops Identification-Reaching over 10 FPS on Raspberry Pi with the Usage of MobileNets, DenseNet and Custom Modifications.
Title: Red raspberry extract (Rubus idaeus L shrub) intake ameliorates hyperlipidemia in HFD-induced mice through PPAR signaling pathway.
Title: Affordable remote monitoring of plant growth in facilities using Raspberry Pi computers.
Title: Protective effects of raspberry on the oxidative damage in HepG2 cells through Keap1/Nrf2-dependent signaling pathway.
Title: Raspberry-Like Polysilsesquioxane Particles with Hollow-Spheres-on-Sphere Structure: Rational Design, Controllable Synthesis, and Catalytic Application.
Title: The implication of the crosstalk of Nrf2 with NOXs, and HMGB1 in ethanol-induced gastric ulcer: Potential protective effect is afforded by Raspberry Ketone.
Title: The effects of organic and conventional farm management and harvest time on the polyphenol content in different raspberry cultivars.
Title: HPLC-ESI-qTOF-MS/MS Characterization, Antioxidant Activities and Inhibitory Ability of Digestive Enzymes with Molecular Docking Analysis of Various Parts of Raspberry (
Title: Metabolic Regulation of Glycolysis and AMP Activated Protein Kinase Pathways during Black Raspberry-Mediated Oral Cancer Chemoprevention.
Title: Red raspberry (
Title: A highly sensitive ultra-high performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry method with in-source fragmentation for rapid quantification of raspberry ketone.
Title: Pelargonidin-3-
Title: Processing raspberry-flavored whey drink using ohmic heating: Physical, thermal and microstructural considerations.
Title: Ohmic heating for processing of whey-raspberry flavored beverage.
Title: Phenolic-enriched raspberry fruit extract (Rubus idaeus) resulted in lower weight gain, increased ambulatory activity, and elevated hepatic lipoprotein lipase and heme oxygenase-1 expression in male mice fed a high-fat diet.
Title: Gastric foveolar-type adenomas endoscopically showing a raspberry-like appearance in the 
Title: Chemopreventive Effects of Strawberry and Black Raspberry on Colorectal Cancer in Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Title: Enzyme-Assisted Extraction of Bioactive Compounds from Raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) Pomace.
Title: Raspberry as a Source for the Development of 
Title: Ten quick tips for using a Raspberry Pi.
Title: Two open source designs for a low-cost operant chamber using Raspberry Pi™.
Title: Grinding levels of raspberry pomace affect intestinal microbial activity, lipid and glucose metabolism in Wistar rats.
Title: Raspberry Allergen and Rosaceae Family Member Allergens: Clinical and Cellular Responses.
Title: [Protective effect of raspberry extract on ConA-induced acute liver injuryin mice].
Title: Antioxidant effects of kimchi supplemented with black raspberry during fermentation protect against liver cirrhosis-induced oxidative stress in rats.
Title: Double in Situ Preparation of Raspberry-like Polymer Particles.
Title: A low-cost, open-source digital stripchart recorder for chromatographic detectors using a Raspberry Pi.
Title: Application of indigenous 
Title: Transcriptome sequencing of Himalayan Raspberry (
Title: The complete sequences of two divergent variants of the rhabdovirus raspberry vein chlorosis virus and the design of improved primers for virus detection.
Title: Structural characteristics, biological, rheological and thermal properties of the polysaccharide and the degraded polysaccharide from raspberry fruits.
Title: Construction of synthetic pathways for raspberry ketone production in engineered Escherichia coli.
Title: Flavan-3-ols Content in Red Raspberry Leaves Increases under Blue Led-Light Irradiation.
Title: Raspberry-like small multicore gold nanostructures for efficient photothermal conversion in the first and second near-infrared windows.
Title: Isolation and molecular identification for autochthonous starter Saccharomyces cerevisiae with low biogenic amine synthesis for black raspberry (Rubus coreanus Miquel) wine fermentation.
Title: Design, manufacture and deployment of a low-cost area radiation monitoring system using Raspberry Pi computers and open-source software.
Title: Red Raspberry Extract Protects the Skin against UVB-Induced Damage with Antioxidative and Anti-inflammatory Properties.
Title: Raspberry Ketone Trifluoroacetate Trapping of Zeugodacus cucurbitae (Diptera: Tephritidae)in Hawaii.
Title: Protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B inhibitory activities of ursane-type triterpenes from Chinese raspberry, fruits of Rubus chingii.
Title: Late-summer Disease Symptoms in Western Washington Red Raspberry Fields Associated with Co-Occurrence of Phytophthora rubi, Verticillium dahliae, and Pratylenchus penetrans, but not Raspberry bushy dwarf virus.
Title: Effects of Growth Regulators and Gelling Agents on Ex Vitro Rooting of Raspberry.
Title: Raspberry ketone accelerates sexual maturation and improves mating performance of sterile male Queensland fruit fly, Bactrocera tryoni (Froggatt).
Title: In vitro antioxidant activity and solar protection factor of blackberry and raspberry extracts in topical formulation.
Title: Raspberry ketone and Garcinia Cambogia rebalanced disrupted insulin resistance and leptin signaling in rats fed high fat fructose diet.
Title: Characterization of 
Title: Dataset on quality and physiological changes of raspberry fruit during their development and under auxin 
Title: Biotic elicitation as a tool to improve strawberry and raspberry extract potential on metabolic syndrome-related enzymes in vitro.
Title: Evaluation of Strategies for the Development of Efficient Code for Raspberry Pi Devices.
Title: The 1b gene of raspberry bushy dwarf virus is a virulence component that facilitates systemic virus infection in plants.
Title: Suppression of isoproterenol-induced cardiotoxicity in rats by raspberry ketone via activation of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor-α.
Title: Identification and Microbial Production of the Raspberry Phenol Salidroside that Is Active against Huntington's Disease.
Title: Up-regulation of miR-24-1-5p is involved in the chemoprevention of colorectal cancer by black raspberry anthocyanins.
Title: Profiling the impact of thermal processing on black raspberry phytochemicals using untargeted metabolomics.
Title: Neolignans from Red Raspberry ( Rubus idaeus L.) Exhibit Enantioselective Neuroprotective Effects against H
Title: The antioxidant compounds isolated from the fruits of chinese wild raspberry 
Title: Fiber concentrates from raspberry and blueberry pomace in gluten-free cookie formulation: Effect on dough rheology and cookie baking properties.
Title: Raspberry ketone preserved cholinergic activity and antioxidant defense in obesity induced Alzheimer disease in rats.
Title: Fresh red raspberry phytochemicals suppress the growth of hepatocellular carcinoma cells by PTEN/AKT pathway.
Title: Unexpected stability of aqueous dispersions of raspberry-like colloids.
Title: Do raspberry extracts and fractions have antifungal or anti-adherent potential against Candida spp.?
Title: Three-dimensional hollow porous raspberry-like hierarchical Co/Ni@carbon microspheres for magnetic solid-phase extraction of pyrethroids.
Title: Complex Three-Dimensional Co₃O₄ Nano-Raspberry: Highly Stable and Active Low-temperature CO Oxidation Catalyst.
Title: Comparative Pollination Efficacies of Five Bee Species on Raspberry.
Title: Raspberry Polyphenolic Extract Regulates Obesogenic Signals in Hepatocytes.
Title: Enhancement of Glen Moy x Latham raspberry linkage map using GbS to further understand control of developmental processes leading to fruit ripening.
Title: A near complete, chromosome-scale assembly of the black raspberry (Rubus occidentalis) genome.
Title: Antioxidant, Anti-Inflammatory, and Postulated Cytotoxic Activity of Phenolic and Anthocyanin-Rich Fractions from Polana Raspberry (
Title: Storage conditions modulate the metabolomic profile of a black raspberry nectar with minimal impact on bioactivity.
Title: Black Raspberry Seed Oil Improves Lipid Metabolism by Inhibiting Lipogenesis and Promoting Fatty-Acid Oxidation in High-Fat Diet-Induced Obese Mice and db/db Mice.
Title: Full Impedance Cardiography measurement device using Raspberry PI3 and System-on-Chip biomedical Instrumentation Solutions.
Title: Real-time localization of the parathyroid gland in surgical field using Raspberry Pi during thyroidectomy: a preliminary report.
Title: Rubus idaeus L. (red raspberry) blocks UVB-induced MMP production and promotes type I procollagen synthesis via inhibition of MAPK/AP-1, NF-κβ and stimulation of TGF-β/Smad, Nrf2 in normal human dermal fibroblasts.
Title: Raspberry alleviates obesity-induced inflammation and insulin resistance in skeletal muscle through activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) α1.
Title: Raspberry bodies and hyaline globules with positive napsin A immunoexpression are useful features in diagnosing clear cell carcinoma of the female genital tract in cytology samples.
Title: Dietary Supplementation with Raspberry Extracts Modifies the Fecal Microbiota in Obese Diabetic db/db Mice.
Title: Biologically inspired, catechol-coordinated, hierarchical organization of raspberry-like calcium phosphate nanospheres with high specific surface area.
Title: Dietary Red Raspberry Reduces Colorectal Inflammation and Carcinogenic Risk in Mice with Dextran Sulfate Sodium-Induced Colitis.
Title: The responsiveness of Bactrocera jarvisi (Diptera: Tephritidae) to two naturally occurring phenylbutaonids, zingerone and raspberry ketone.
Title: How Does Botrytis cinerea Infect Red Raspberry?
Title: Transcriptomic Profiling of Fruit Development in Black Raspberry 
Title: Plasma urolithin metabolites correlate with improvements in endothelial function after red raspberry consumption: A double-blind randomized controlled trial.
Title: An optimized dose of raspberry ketones controls hyperlipidemia and insulin resistance in male obese rats: Effect on adipose tissue expression of adipocytokines and Aquaporin 7.
Title: One-Pot Synthesis of Raspberry-Like Mesoporous Silica Nanospheres.
Title: Raspberry Pi-powered imaging for plant phenotyping.
Title: IoT in Radiology: Using Raspberry Pi to Automatically Log Telephone Calls in the Reading Room.
Title: Characterization of hybrid microparticles/Montmorillonite composite with raspberry-like morphology for Atorvastatin controlled release.
Title: Effects of total flavonoids of raspberry on perimenopausal model in mice.
Title: Multistate Comparison of Attractants and the Impact of Fruit Development Stage on Trapping Drosophila suzukii (Diptera: Drosophilidae) in Raspberry and Blueberry.
Title: Raspberry anthocyanin consumption prevents diet-induced obesity by alleviating oxidative stress and modulating hepatic lipid metabolism.
Title: The costs and benefits of pollinator dependence: empirically based simulations predict raspberry fruit quality.
Title: Synthesis of raspberry-like polymer/SiO
Title: Black Raspberry Extract Enhances LDL Uptake in HepG2 Cells by Suppressing PCSK9 Expression to Upregulate LDLR Expression.
Title: Bottom-up meets top-down: tailored raspberry-like Fe
Title: Raspberry promotes brown and beige adipocyte development in mice fed high-fat diet through activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) α1.
Title: Raspberry ketone induces brown-like adipocyte formation through suppression of autophagy in adipocytes and adipose tissue.
Title: A low-cost touchscreen operant chamber using a Raspberry Pi™.
Title: Persistent negative temperature response of mesophyll conductance in red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) leaves under both high and low vapour pressure deficits: A role for abscisic acid?
Title: Inhibitory effect of raspberry ketone on α-glucosidase: Docking simulation integrating inhibition kinetics.
Title: Transfer of plant protection products from raspberry crops of Laszka and Seedling varieties to beehives.
Title: Chromosome-scale scaffolding of the black raspberry (
Title: Evaluation of Polyphenol Anthocyanin-Enriched Extracts of Blackberry, Black Raspberry, Blueberry, Cranberry, Red Raspberry, and Strawberry for Free Radical Scavenging, Reactive Carbonyl Species Trapping, Anti-Glycation, Anti-β-Amyloid Aggregation, and Microglial Neuroprotective Effects.
Title: Design of a cathodoluminescence image generator using a Raspberry Pi coupled to a scanning electron microscope.
Title: Gold Raspberry-Like Colloidosomes Prepared at the Water-Nitromethane Interface.
Title: Chemoprevention of colorectal cancer by black raspberry anthocyanins involved the modulation of gut microbiota and SFRP2 demethylation.
Title: Annual and Perennial Alleyway Cover Crops Vary in Their Effects on 
Title: Controllable synthesis of raspberry-like PS-SiO
Title: Entrapped Styrene Butadiene Polymer Chains by Sol-Gel-Derived Silica Nanoparticles with Hierarchical Raspberry Structures.
Title: An exploratory study of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) (poly)phenols/metabolites in human biological samples.
Title: Raspberry Supplementation Improves Insulin Signaling and Promotes Brown-Like Adipocyte Development in White Adipose Tissue of Obese Mice.
Title: Correction: Suppression of cuelure attraction in male Queensland fruit flies provided raspberry ketone supplements as immature adults.
Title: A study on residue levels of fungicides and insecticides applied according to the program of raspberry protection.
Title: Transfer of the Active Ingredients of Some Plant Protection Products from Raspberry Plants to Beehives.
Title: Raspberry ketone protects against isoproterenol-induced myocardial infarction in rats.
Title: Neuroprotective Effects of 1,2-Diarylpropane Type Phenylpropanoid Enantiomers from Red Raspberry against H
Title: Inhibitory activity of chokeberry, bilberry, raspberry and cranberry polyphenol-rich extract towards adipogenesis and oxidative stress in differentiated 3T3-L1 adipose cells.
Title: Raspberry differentially improves age-related declines in psychomotor function dependent on baseline motor ability.
Title: Raspberry Ketone Reduced Lipid Accumulation in 3T3-L1 Cells and Ovariectomy-Induced Obesity in Wistar Rats by Regulating Autophagy Mechanisms.
Title: Effects of Black Raspberry on Dibenzo[
Title: PYM: a new, affordable, image-based method using a Raspberry Pi to phenotype plant leaf area in a wide diversity of environments.
Title: A method for automatic segmentation and splitting of hyperspectral images of raspberry plants collected in field conditions.
Title: Phospholipase D inhibition by hexanal is associated with calcium signal transduction events in raspberry.
Title: The complete chloroplast genome sequence of Korean raspberry 
Title: A combination of Raspberry Pi and SoftEther VPN for controlling research devices via the Internet.
Title: Effects of Black Raspberry Extract and Berry Compounds on Repair of DNA Damage and Mutagenesis Induced by Chemical and Physical Agents in Human Oral Leukoplakia and Rat Oral Fibroblasts.
Title: Changes in the level and antioxidant activity of polyphenols during storage of enzymatically treated raspberry juices and syrups.
Title: Use of gelatin and gum Arabic for encapsulation of black raspberry anthocyanins by complex coacervation.
Title: Reduced ultraviolet light transmission increases insecticide longevity in protected culture raspberry production.
Title: A fiber-optic sensor for neurotransmitters with ultralow concentration: near-infrared plasmonic electromagnetic field enhancement using raspberry-like meso-SiO
Title: [Effects of extractionfrom raspberry on hippocampus proteomics of mice suffered from ovariectomized-induced AD].
Title: Hepatoprotective effects of raspberry (Rubus coreanus Miq.) seed oil and its major constituents.
Title: The composition of potentially bioactive triterpenoid glycosides in red raspberry is influenced by tissue, extraction procedure and genotype.
Title: Association Between Weather Variables, Airborne Inoculum Concentration, and Raspberry Fruit Rot Caused by Botrytis cinerea.
Title: Automated touch sensing in the mouse tapered beam test using Raspberry Pi.
Title: Suppression of cuelure attraction in male Queensland fruit flies provided raspberry ketone supplements as immature adults.
Title: Rapeseed and Raspberry Seed Cakes as Inexpensive Raw Materials in the Production of Activated Carbon by Physical Activation: Effect of Activation Conditions on Textural and Phenol Adsorption Characteristics.
Title: Evaluating a push-pull strategy for management of Drosophila suzukii Matsumura in red raspberry.
Title: Structure of Amphiphilic Terpolymer Raspberry Vesicles.
Title: Whole Genome Sequences of the Raspberry and Strawberry Pathogens Phytophthora rubi and P. fragariae.
Title: Evaluation of The Protective Effect of Hydro-Alcoholic Extract of Raspberry Fruit on Aquaporin1 Expression in Rats Kidney Treated by Methotrexate.
Title: Comparative Transcriptome Analysis Reveal Candidate Genes Potentially Involved in Regulation of Primocane Apex Rooting in Raspberry (
Title: Persistent negative temperature response of mesophyll conductance in red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) leaves under both high and low vapour pressure deficits: a role for abscisic acid?
Title: Heme oxygenase-1 mediates anti-adipogenesis effect of raspberry ketone in 3T3-L1 cells.
Title: Enzymatic Profile of 'Willamette' Raspberry Leaf and Fruit Affected by Prohexadione-Ca and Young Canes Removal Treatments.
Title: Nanostructured raspberry-like gelatin microspheres for local delivery of multiple biomolecules.
Title: Raspberry-Like Bismuth Oxychloride on Mesoporous Siliceous Support for Sensitive Electrochemical Stripping Analysis of Cadmium.
Title: Raspberry-like Nanostructured Silicon Composite Anode for High-Performance Lithium-Ion Batteries.
Title: Dual-fluorophore Raspberry-like Nanohybrids for Ratiometric pH Sensing.
Title: Synthesis and characterization of polyaniline-silica composites: Raspberry vs core-shell structures. Where do we stand?
Title: Automating mouse weighing in group homecages with Raspberry Pi micro-computers.
Title: Raspberry pomace alters cecal microbial activity and reduces secondary bile acids in rats fed a high-fat diet.
Title: Robust raspberry-like metallo-dielectric nanoclusters of critical sizes as SERS substrates.
Title: A Portable, Inexpensive, Nonmydriatic Fundus Camera Based on the Raspberry Pi® Computer.
Title: Raspberry ketone fails to reduce adiposity beyond decreasing food intake in C57BL/6 mice fed a high-fat diet.
Title: Red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) intake decreases oxidative stress in obese diabetic (db/db) mice.
Title: Trienylfuranol A and trienylfuranone A-B: metabolites isolated from an endophytic fungus, Hypoxylon submoniticulosum, in the raspberry Rubus idaeus.
Title: Tyrosinase-Catalyzed Oxidation of the Leukoderma-Inducing Agent Raspberry Ketone Produces (E)-4-(3-Oxo-1-butenyl)-1,2-benzoquinone: Implications for Melanocyte Toxicity.
Title: Gene expression analysis of enzymes of the carotenoid biosynthesis pathway involved in β-cryptoxanthin accumulation in wild raspberry, Rubus palmatus.
Title: Self-Assembled Raspberry-Like Core/Satellite Nanoparticles for Anti-Inflammatory Protein Delivery.
Title: Distribution and Longevity of 
Title: Raspberry ketone supplement promotes early sexual maturation in male Queensland fruit fly, Bactrocera tryoni (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Title: Carcinogenesis of the Oral Cavity: Environmental Causes and Potential Prevention by Black Raspberry.
Title: Adaptation of primocane fruiting raspberry plants to environmental factors under the influence of Bacillus strains in Western Siberia.
Title: Cytotoxic Effects of Strawberry, Korean Raspberry, and Mulberry Extracts on Human Ovarian Cancer A2780 Cells.
Title: Nonsense Mutation Inside Anthocyanidin Synthase Gene Controls Pigmentation in Yellow Raspberry (
Title: Raspberry ketone ingestion in dogs.
Title: Monodisperse raspberry-like multihollow polymer/Ag nanocomposite microspheres for rapid catalytic degradation of methylene blue.
Title: Economic analysis of revenue losses and control costs associated with the spotted wing drosophila, Drosophila suzukii (Matsumura), in the California raspberry industry.
Title: Mapping and expression of genes associated with raspberry fruit ripening and softening.
Title: Quantitative farm-to-fork human norovirus exposure assessment of individually quick frozen raspberries and raspberry puree.
Title: Synthesis engineering of iron oxide raspberry-shaped nanostructures.
Title: Cost effective raspberry pi-based radio frequency identification tagging of mice suitable for automated in vivo imaging.
Title: Transitioning EEG experiments away from the laboratory using a Raspberry Pi 2.
Title: Red raspberry decreases heart biomarkers of cardiac remodeling associated with oxidative and inflammatory stress in obese diabetic db/db mice.
Title: Raspberry Leaf and Hypoglycemia in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.
Title: Raspberry-like poly(γ-glutamic acid) hydrogel particles for pH-dependent cell membrane passage and controlled cytosolic delivery of antitumor drugs.
Title: Nontargeted LC-MS
Title: Ultraviolet Imaging with Low Cost Smartphone Sensors: Development and Application of a Raspberry Pi-Based UV Camera.
Title: Effect of Application Timing of Oxamyl in Nonbearing Raspberry for 
Title: Preparation of raspberry-like γ-Fe
Title: Raspberry Leaf--Wonderful or Wacky?
Title: Novel colon-available triterpenoids identified in raspberry fruits exhibit antigenotoxic activities in vitro.
Title: Bioaccessible (poly)phenol metabolites from raspberry protect neural cells from oxidative stress and attenuate microglia activation.
Title: Blackberry, raspberry and black raspberry polyphenol extracts attenuate angiotensin II-induced senescence in vascular smooth muscle cells.
Title: Facile Synthesis of Uniform Raspberry-Like Gold Nanoparticles for High Performance Surface Enhanced Raman Scattering.
Title: Ellagitannins from Raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) Fruit as Natural Inhibitors of Geotrichum candidum.
Title: Antiviral Effects of Black Raspberry (Rubus coreanus) Seed and Its Gallic Acid against Influenza Virus Infection.
Title: Effects of Black Raspberry Extract and Protocatechuic Acid on Carcinogen-DNA Adducts and Mutagenesis, and Oxidative Stress in Rat and Human Oral Cells.
Title: Authenticity of raspberry flavor in food products using SPME-chiral-GC-MS.
Title: Reprogrammable Logic Gate and Logic Circuit Based on Multistimuli-Responsive Raspberry-like Micromotors.
Title: The genome of black raspberry (Rubus occidentalis).
Title: Chemical Characteristics of Cold-Pressed Blackberry, Black Raspberry, and Blueberry Seed Oils and the Role of the Minor Components in Their Oxidative Stability.
Title: Raspberry Ketone Analogs: Vapour Pressure Measurements and Attractiveness to Queensland Fruit Fly, Bactrocera tryoni (Froggatt) (Diptera: Tephritidae).
Title: Dietary Black Raspberry Seed Oil Ameliorates Inflammatory Activities in db/db Mice.
Title: Protective effect of black raspberry seed containing anthocyanins against oxidative damage to DNA, protein, and lipid.
Title: Valorisation of raspberry and blueberry pomace through the formulation of value-added gluten-free cookies.
Title: Raspberry seed flour attenuates high-sucrose diet-mediated hepatic stress and adipose tissue inflammation.
Title: Ultrasonic-Assisted Extraction of Raspberry Seed Oil and Evaluation of Its Physicochemical Properties, Fatty Acid Compositions and Antioxidant Activities.
Title: Physical and Bioactive Properties of Muffins Enriched with Raspberry and Cranberry Pomace Powder: A Promising Application of Fruit By-Products Rich in Biocompounds.
Title: Hollow mesoporous raspberry-like colloids with removable caps as photoresponsive nanocontainers.
Title: Bacteria isolated from Korean black raspberry vinegar with low biogenic amine production in wine.
Title: Antiviral effects of black raspberry (Rubus coreanus) seed extract and its polyphenolic compounds on norovirus surrogates.
Title: Protein-Assisted Assembly of Modular 3D Plasmonic Raspberry-like Core/Satellite Nanoclusters: Correlation of Structure and Optical Properties.
Title: Heterologous production of raspberry ketone in the wine yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae via pathway engineering and synthetic enzyme fusion.
Title: The raspberry Gene Is Involved in the Regulation of the Cellular Immune Response in Drosophila melanogaster.
Title: Raspberry-like PS/CdTe/Silica Microspheres for Fluorescent Superhydrophobic Materials.
Title: Raspberry Ketone Trifluoroacetate, a New Attractant for the Queensland Fruit Fly, Bactrocera Tryoni (Froggatt).
Title: Preparation of surface-imprinted microspheres effectively controlled by orientated template immobilization using highly cross-linked raspberry-like microspheres for the selective recognition of an immunostimulating peptide.
Title: Rapid Identification of Flavonoid Constituents Directly from PTP1B Inhibitive Extract of Raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) Leaves by HPLC-ESI-QTOF-MS-MS.
Title: Black Raspberry Extract Increased Circulating Endothelial Progenitor Cells and Improved Arterial Stiffness in Patients with Metabolic Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Formation of β-glucogallin, the precursor of ellagic acid in strawberry and raspberry.
Title: Rhododenol and raspberry ketone impair the normal proliferation of melanocytes through reactive oxygen species-dependent activation of GADD45.
Title: FingerScanner: Embedding a Fingerprint Scanner in a Raspberry Pi.
Title: Wild Raspberry Subjected to Simulated Gastrointestinal Digestion Improves the Protective Capacity against Ethyl Carbamate-Induced Oxidative Damage in Caco-2 Cells.
Title: [Comparison of the antioxidant properties of selected parts of raspberry (Rubus idaeus) and blackberry (Rubus fruticosus)].
Title: Ellagitannins and Flavan-3-ols from Raspberry Pomace Modulate Caecal Fermentation Processes and Plasma Lipid Parameters in Rats.
Title: Suppression of Proinflammatory and Prosurvival Biomarkers in Oral Cancer Patients Consuming a Black Raspberry Phytochemical-Rich Troche.
Title: Rubus occidentalis: The black raspberry--its potential in the prevention of cancer.
Title: The preparation, drug loading and in vitro NIR photothermal-controlled release behavior of raspberry-like hollow polypyrrole microspheres.
Title: Microbial community, and biochemical and physiological properties of Korean traditional black raspberry (Robus coreanus Miquel) vinegar.
Title: Raspberry-like hollow carbon nanospheres with enhanced matrix-free peptide detection profiles.
Title: Bioconversion to Raspberry Ketone is Achieved by Several Non-related Plant Cell Cultures.
Title: Comparative study of aromatic compounds in fruit wines from raspberry, strawberry, and mulberry in central Shaanxi area.
Title: Protective effect of wild raspberry (Rubus hirsutus Thunb.) extract against acrylamide-induced oxidative damage is potentiated after simulated gastrointestinal digestion.
Title: Red Raspberry Phenols Inhibit Angiogenesis: A Morphological and Subcellular Analysis Upon Human Endothelial Cells.
Title: Developing expressed sequence tag libraries and the discovery of simple sequence repeat markers for two species of raspberry (Rubus L.).
Title: New insights into the bioavailability of red raspberry anthocyanins and ellagitannins.
Title: Coatings with a Mole-hill Structure of Nanoparticle-Raspberry Containers for Surfaces with Abrasion-Refreshable Reservoir Functionality.
Title: The Chilean wild raspberry (Rubus geoides Sm.) increases intracellular GSH content and protects against H2O2 and methylglyoxal-induced damage in AGS cells.
Title: Weathering and Chemical Degradation of Methyl Eugenol and Raspberry Ketone Solid Dispensers for Detection, Monitoring, and Male Annihilation of Bactrocera dorsalis and Bactrocera cucurbitae (Diptera: Tephritidae) in Hawaii.
Title: Comparison of the protein-coding gene content of Chlamydia trachomatis and Protochlamydia amoebophila using a Raspberry Pi computer.
Title: NGS-QCbox and Raspberry for Parallel, Automated and Rapid Quality Control Analysis of Large-Scale Next Generation Sequencing (Illumina) Data.
Title: Analytical fingerprint and chemometrics as phytochemical composition control tools in food supplement analysis: characterization of raspberry bud preparations of different cultivars.
Title: Different effects of five depigmentary compounds, rhododendrol, raspberry ketone, monobenzone, rucinol and AP736 on melanogenesis and viability of human epidermal melanocytes.
Title: Sensory characteristics and antioxidant capacity of red raspberry extract as a preservative in fruity flavoured beverages.
Title: Antioxidant and antiproliferative activities of phenolics isolated from fruits of Himalayan yellow raspberry (Rubus ellipticus).
Title: Newly identified RNAs of raspberry leaf blotch virus encoding a related group of proteins.
Title: Preparation of raspberry-like ZIF-8/PS composite spheres via dispersion polymerization.
Title: The Raspberry model for hydrodynamic interactions revisited. II. The effect of confinement.
Title: The raspberry model for hydrodynamic interactions revisited. I. Periodic arrays of spheres and dumbbells.
Title: Antimicrobial Effects of Blueberry, Raspberry, and Strawberry Aqueous Extracts and their Effects on Virulence Gene Expression in Vibrio cholerae.
Title: High Frequency Sampling of TTL Pulses on a Raspberry Pi for Diffuse Correlation Spectroscopy Applications.
Title: Characterization and biological activities of a novel polysaccharide isolated from raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) fruits.
Title: Antioxidant activity of raspberry (Rubus fruticosus) leaves extract and its effect on oxidative stability of sunflower oil.
Title: Enhanced antibacterial activity of NR latex gloves with raspberry-like PMMA-N,N,N-trimethyl chitosan particles.
Title: Correction: Chemopreventive activity of ellagitannins and their derivatives from black raspberry seeds on HT-29 colon cancer cells.
Title: Raspberry pulp polysaccharides inhibit tumor growth via immunopotentiation and enhance docetaxel chemotherapy against malignant melanoma in vivo.
Title: Pollen tubes introduce Raspberry bushy dwarf virus into embryo sacs during fertilization processes.
Title: Bioconversion of Cyanidin-3-Rutinoside to Cyanidin-3-Glucoside in Black Raspberry by Crude α-L-Rhamnosidase from Aspergillus Species.
Title: Raspberry ketone in food supplements--High intake, few toxicity data--A cause for safety concern?
Title: Impact of Pratylenchus penetrans on Establishment of Red Raspberry.
Title: Agrobacterium arsenijevicii sp. nov., isolated from crown gall tumors on raspberry and cherry plum.
Title: Phylogenetic analysis of the complete mitogenome sequence of the raspberry weevil, Aegorhinus superciliosus (Coleoptera: Curculionidae), supports monophyly of the tribe Aterpini.
Title: Dietary Supplementation with Raspberry Seed Oil Modulates Liver Functions, Inflammatory State, and Lipid Metabolism in Rats.
Title: Comparison of different drying methods on the physical properties, bioactive compounds and antioxidant activity of raspberry powders.
Title: Influence of binary microgel phase behavior on the assembly of multi-functional raspberry-structured microgel heteroaggregates.
Title: A genetic linkage map of black raspberry (Rubus occidentalis) and the mapping of Ag(4) conferring resistance to the aphid Amphorophora agathonica.
Title: Metabolomic Analysis Reveals Cyanidins in Black Raspberry as Candidates for Suppression of Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Inflammation in Murine Macrophages.
Title: Towards an understanding of the control of 'crumbly' fruit in red raspberry.
Title: Possibility of biological control of primocane fruiting raspberry disease caused by Fusarium sambucinum.
Title: The Effect of Protease Inhibitors on Digestive Proteolytic Activity in the Raspberry Weevil, Aegorhinus superciliosus (Guérin) (Coleoptera: Curculionidae).
Title: Chemopreventive activity of ellagitannins and their derivatives from black raspberry seeds on HT-29 colon cancer cells.
Title: Low cost audiovisual playback and recording triggered by radio frequency identification using Raspberry Pi.
Title: Differential expression of ethylene biosynthesis genes in drupelets and receptacle of raspberry (Rubus idaeus).
Title: Chemical composition of defatted strawberry and raspberry seeds and the effect of these dietary ingredients on polyphenol metabolites, intestinal function, and selected serum parameters in rats.
Title: Raspberry Pi: a 35-dollar device for viewing DICOM images.
Title: Development and characterization of different black raspberry confection matrices designed for delivery of phytochemicals.
Title: Volatile compounds of raspberry fruit: from analytical methods to biological role and sensory impact.
Title: Self-assembly of a superparamagnetic raspberry-like silica/iron oxide nanocomposite using epoxy-amine coupling chemistry.
Title: Raspberry-like metamolecules exhibiting strong magnetic resonances.
Title: The induction phenomenon and catalytic deactivation of thiolate-stabilized raspberry-like polymer composites coated with gold nanoparticles.
Title: Raspberry, not a car: context predictability and a phonological advantage in early and late learners' processing of speech in noise.
Title: Assessment of feasibility of running RSNA's MIRC on a Raspberry Pi: a cost-effective solution for teaching files in radiology.
Title: A smart city application: a fully controlled street lighting isle based on Raspberry-Pi card, a ZigBee sensor network and WiMAX.
Title: Influence of microgel packing on raspberry-like heteroaggregate assembly.
Title: Anti inflammatory and anti angiogenic effect of black raspberry extract on human esophageal and intestinal microvascular endothelial cells.
Title: Pathogenicity, Fungicide Resistance, and Genetic Variability of Phytophthora rubi Isolates from Raspberry (Rubus idaeus) in the Western United States.
Title: Raspberry ketone, a naturally occurring phenolic compound, inhibits adipogenic and lipogenic gene expression in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Title: A case study on toxicological aspects of the pest and disease control in the production of the high-quality raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.).
Title: Raspberry wine fermentation with suspended and immobilized yeast cells of two strains of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Title: Impact of Pratylenchus penetrans on Established Red Raspberry Productivity.
Title: Chemical characterization of a red raspberry fruit extract and evaluation of its pharmacological effects in experimental models of acute inflammation and collagen-induced arthritis.
Title: Synergistic interaction of sumac and raspberry mixtures in their antioxidant capacities and selective cytotoxicity against cancerous cells.
Title: Comprehensive evaluation of caspase-14 in vulvar neoplasia: an opportunity for treatment with black raspberry extract.
Title: Effect of some hydrocolloids blend on viscosity and sensory properties of raspberry juice-milk.
Title: Ca2+-dependent intracellular drug delivery system developed with "raspberry-type" particles-on-a-particle comprising mesoporous silica core and α-synuclein-coated gold nanoparticles.
Title: Fabrication of three-dimensional (3D) raspberry-like copper chromite spinel catalyst in a facile hydrothermal route and its activity in selective hydroxylation of benzene to phenol.
Title: Pseudomonas Blight Caused by Pseudomonas syringae on Raspberry in California.
Title: Bioactivity of Meeker and Willamette raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) pomace extracts.
Title: Evaluation of the in vitro/in vivo potential of five berries (bilberry, blueberry, cranberry, elderberry, and raspberry ketones) commonly used as herbal supplements to inhibit uridine diphospho-glucuronosyltransferase.
Title: The effect of black raspberry extracts on MnSOD activity in protection against concanavalin A induced liver injury.
Title: Raspberry-shaped composite microgel synthesis by seeded emulsion polymerization with hydrogel particles.
Title: Anaphylactic shock to raspberry.
Title: Robust hybrid raspberry-like hollow particles with complex structures: a facile method of swelling polymerization towards composite spheres.
Title: Quality and chemical composition of ten red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) genotypes during three harvest seasons.
Title: Marketplace analysis demonstrates quality control standards needed for black raspberry dietary supplements.
Title: Seasonal phenology of Amphorophora agathonica (Hemiptera: Aphididae) and spread of viruses in red raspberry in Washington.
Title: A raspberry bushy dwarf virus isolate from Ecuadorean Rubus glaucus contains an additional RNA that is a rearrangement of RNA-2.
Title: Effects of black raspberry on lipid profiles and vascular endothelial function in patients with metabolic syndrome.
Title: Effects of raspberry fruit extracts and ellagic acid on respiratory burst in murine macrophages.
Title: Fabrication of gold nanoparticle-polymer composite particles with raspberry, core-shell and amorphous morphologies at room temperature via electrostatic interactions and diffusion.
Title: Determination of the bioactive compounds, antioxidant activity and chemical composition of Brazilian blackberry, red raspberry, strawberry, blueberry and sweet cherry fruits.
Title: Penetration of pollen tubes with accumulated Raspberry bushy dwarf virus into stigmas is involved in initial infection of maternal tissue and horizontal transmission.
Title: Rice bran and raspberry seed oil-based nanocarriers with self-antioxidative properties as safe photoprotective formulations.
Title: Large pore raspberry textured phosphonate@silica nanoparticles for protein immobilization.
Title: NMR-based metabolomic investigation of bioactivity of chemical constituents in black raspberry (Rubus occidentalis L.) fruit extracts.
Title: De-novo RNA sequencing and metabolite profiling to identify genes involved in anthocyanin biosynthesis in Korean black raspberry (Rubus coreanus Miquel).
Title: Fluorinated raspberry-like polymer particles for superamphiphobic coatings.
Title: Topical application of a mucoadhesive freeze-dried black raspberry gel induces clinical and histologic regression and reduces loss of heterozygosity events in premalignant oral intraepithelial lesions: results from a multicentered, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Title: Quantitative metabolic profiling of grape, apple and raspberry volatile compounds (VOCs) using a GC/MS/MS method.
Title: Effect of Raspberry bushy dwarf virus, Raspberry leaf mottle virus, and Raspberry latent virus on Plant Growth and Fruit Crumbliness in 'Meeker' Red Raspberry.
Title: Fennel and raspberry leaf as possible inhibitors of acetaminophen oxidation.
Title: Photoresponsive hybrid raspberry-like colloids based on cucurbit[8]uril host-guest interactions.
Title: Shelf life stability of lactobacilli encapsulated in raspberry powder: insights into non-dairy probiotics.
Title: Raspberry ketone promotes the differentiation of C3H10T1/2 stem cells into osteoblasts.
Title: Behavior of pyrimethanil, pyraclostrobin, boscalid, cypermethrin and chlorpyrifos residues on raspberry fruit and leaves of Laszka variety.
Title: Inexpensive telecytology solutions that use the Raspberry Pi and the iPhone.
Title: Characterization of black raspberry functional food products for cancer prevention human clinical trials.
Title: Nonanthocyanin secondary metabolites of black raspberry (Rubus occidentalis L.) fruits: identification by HPLC-DAD, NMR, HPLC-ESI-MS, and ESI-MS/MS analyses.
Title: Tuning the observability of surface plasmon in silica-gold raspberry shaped nanoparticles using cuprous oxide shell.
Title: Urinary excretion of phenolic acids in rats fed cranberry, blueberry, or black raspberry powder.
Title: Well-organized raspberry-like Ag@Cu bimetal nanoparticles for highly reliable and reproducible surface-enhanced Raman scattering.
Title: Effect of bioactive substances found in rapeseed, raspberry and strawberry seed oils on blood lipid profile and selected parameters of oxidative status in rats.
Title: Simple preparation of microstructure by using an organic-inorganic raspberry-like hybrid as a building block.
Title: Facile preparation of raspberry-like superhydrophobic polystyrene particles via seeded dispersion polymerization.
Title: Synthesis of raspberry-like poly(styrene-glycidyl methacrylate) particles via a one-step soap-free emulsion polymerization process accompanied by phase separation.
Title: Optimization of microwave-assisted extraction for anthocyanins, polyphenols, and antioxidants from raspberry (Rubus Coreanus Miq.) using response surface methodology.
Title: First Report of Raspberry bushy dwarf virus in Andean Blackberry (Rubus glaucus) in Central Ecuador.
Title: Experimental and bioinformatic evidence that raspberry leaf blotch emaravirus P4 is a movement protein of the 30K superfamily.
Title: Synthesis of raspberry-like SiO2-TiO2 nanoparticles toward antireflective and self-cleaning coatings.
Title: A life cycle assessment of non-renewable energy use and greenhouse gas emissions associated with blueberry and raspberry production in northern Italy.
Title: When is it time to move to the next raspberry bush? Foraging rules in human visual search.
Title: Fabrication and bioproperties of raspberry-type hybrid nanoparticles of Au-thioethyl pendant ligand@chitosan.
Title: Packed Colloidal Phases Mediate the Synthesis of Raspberry-Structured Microgel Heteroaggregates.
Title: Effect of ultrasound frequency on antioxidant activity, total phenolic and anthocyanin content of red raspberry puree.
Title: Anti-inflammatory and anti-superbacterial activity of polyphenols isolated from black raspberry.
Title: Black raspberry-derived anthocyanins demethylate tumor suppressor genes through the inhibition of DNMT1 and DNMT3B in colon cancer cells.
Title: Eccentric inorganic-polymeric nanoparticles formation by thermal induced cross-linked esterification and conversion of eccentricity to raspberry-like Janus.
Title: Using silane coupling agents to prepare raspberry-shaped polyaniline hollow microspheres with tunable nanoshell thickness.
Title: Preparation of raspberry-like polymer particles by a heterocoagulation technique utilizing hydrogen bonding interactions between steric stabilizers.
Title: QTL involved in the modification of cyanidin compounds in black and red raspberry fruit.
Title: Indigestion after Digestive Disease Week (DDW): be aware of the "Golden Raspberry Award" at DDW and Cyclospora cayetanensis.
Title: "Raspberry bodies," extracellular hyaline globules and branching hyaline stromal fragments in a fine-needle aspirate of metastatic clear cell carcinoma of the ovary.
Title: Field trials of solid triple lure (trimedlure, methyl eugenol, raspberry ketone, and DDVP) dispensers for detection and male annihilation of Ceratitis capitata, Bactrocera dorsalis, and Bactrocera cucurbitae (Diptera: Tephritidae) in Hawaii.
Title: Assessment of three commercial DNA extraction kits and a laboratory-developed method for detecting Cryptosporidium and Cyclospora in raspberry wash, basil wash and pesto.
Title: Juice, pulp and seeds fractionated from dry climate primocane raspberry cultivars (Rubus idaeus) have significantly different antioxidant capacity, anthocyanin content and color.
Title: Synthesis, characterization, and morphology study of poly(acrylamide-co-acrylic acid)-grafted-poly(styrene-co-methyl methacrylate) "raspberry"-shape like structure microgels by pre-emulsified semi-batch emulsion polymerization.
Title: First Report of Raspberry bushy dwarf virus Infecting Grapevine in Hungary.
Title: Location of the mechanism of resistance to Amphorophora agathonica (Hemiptera: Aphididae) in red raspberry.
Title: Antiviral effects of black raspberry (Rubus coreanus) juice on foodborne viral surrogates.
Title: Preparation and characterization of composites built of poly(N-benzophenoyl methacrylamide-co-N-hydroxyethyl acrylamide) cores and silica raspberry-like shells with dual orthogonal functionality.
Title: Environmental and seasonal influences on red raspberry flavour volatiles and identification of quantitative trait loci (QTL) and candidate genes.
Title: Nonionic Brij surfactant-mediated synthesis of raspberry-like gold nanoparticles with high surface area.
Title: First Report of Raspberry leaf blotch virus in Raspberries in Finland.
Title: Variation of total phenolics, anthocyanins, ellagic acid and radical scavenging capacity in various raspberry (Rubus spp.) cultivars.
Title: Over-seasons analysis of quantitative trait loci affecting phenolic content and antioxidant capacity in raspberry.
Title: Inhibition of estrogen-mediated mammary tumorigenesis by blueberry and black raspberry.
Title: Polyphenol compounds and anti-inflammatory activities of Korean black raspberry ( Rubus coreanus Miquel) wines produced from juice supplemented with pulp and seed.
Title: Raspberry ketone protects rats fed high-fat diets against nonalcoholic steatohepatitis.
Title: An Outbreak of Leaf Spot Caused by Corynespora cassiicola on Korean Raspberry in Korea.
Title: Antithrombotic activity of fractions and components obtained from raspberry leaves (Rubus chingii).
Title: The impact of anthocyanin-rich red raspberry extract (ARRE) on the properties of edible soy protein isolate (SPI) films.
Title: In situ assembly of raspberry- and mulberry-like silica nanospheres toward antireflective and antifogging coatings.
Title: Effects of raspberry phytochemical extract on cell proliferation, apoptosis, and serum proteomics in a rat model.
Title: Abrasive stripping square-wave voltammetry of blackberry, raspberry, strawberry, pomegranate, and sweet and blue potatoes.
Title: Changes of hydrogen peroxide and radical-scavenging activity of raspberry during osmotic, convective, and freeze-drying.
Title: Construction of black (Rubus occidentalis) and red (R. idaeus) raspberry linkage maps and their comparison to the genomes of strawberry, apple, and peach.
Title: Transmission biology of Raspberry latent virus, the first aphid-borne reovirus.
Title: Effect of mixing time, freeze-drying and baking on phenolics, anthocyanins and antioxidant capacity of raspberry juice during processing of muffins.
Title: [The influenza pandemic 1968-1970: crisis management in separated Germany - "Vodka and Raspberry Tea"].
Title: Anionic liposome template synthesis of raspberry-like hollow silica particle under ambient conditions with basic catalyst.
Title: Anti-inflammatory effects of polyphenolic-enriched red raspberry extract in an antigen-induced arthritis rat model.
Title: The bioactive potential of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) leaves in exhibiting cytotoxic and cytoprotective activity on human laryngeal carcinoma and colon adenocarcinoma.
Title: Raspberry leaf blotch virus, a putative new member of the genus Emaravirus, encodes a novel genomic RNA.
Title: Real-time RT-PCR for detection of Raspberry bushy dwarf virus, Raspberry leaf mottle virus and characterizing synergistic interactions in mixed infections.
Title: Evaluation of in vitro and in vivo depigmenting activity of raspberry ketone from Rheum officinale.
Title: Raspberry juice consumption, oxidative stress and reduction of atherosclerosis risk factors in hypercholesterolemic golden Syrian hamsters.
Title: A black raspberry extract inhibits proliferation and regulates apoptosis in cervical cancer cells.
Title: Characterization of raspberry ketone/zingerone synthase, catalyzing the alpha, beta-hydrogenation of phenylbutenones in raspberry fruits.
Title: Impact of curcumin, raspberry extract, and neem leaf extract on rel protein-regulated cell death/radiosensitization in pancreatic cancer cells.
Title: Colonic catabolism of ellagitannins, ellagic acid, and raspberry anthocyanins: in vivo and in vitro studies.
Title: Towards an understanding of the nature of resistance to Phytophthora root rot in red raspberry.
Title: Preparation of raspberry-like nanocapsules by the combination of Pickering emulsification and solvent displacement technique.
Title: Effects of human oral mucosal tissue, saliva, and oral microflora on intraoral metabolism and bioactivation of black raspberry anthocyanins.
Title: Prophylaxis and therapeutic effects of raspberry (Rubus idaeus) on renal stone formation in Balb/c mice.
Title: Unrefined and refined black raspberry seed oils significantly lower triglycerides and moderately affect cholesterol metabolism in male Syrian hamsters.
Title: Einstein's Raspberry: A Puzzling Structure in the Pulmonary Veins of a Stillborn.
Title: The antihypertensive effect of ethyl acetate extract from red raspberry fruit in hypertensive rats.
Title: Impacts of the use of nonnative commercial bumble bees for pollinator supplementation in raspberry.
Title: Berry polyphenols inhibit α-amylase in vitro: identifying active components in rowanberry and raspberry.
Title: Synthesis of robust raspberry-like particles using polymer brushes.
Title: Effect of black raspberry ( Rubus occidentalis L.) extract variation conditioned by cultivar, production site, and fruit maturity stage on colon cancer cell proliferation.
Title: Molecular characterisation of Raspberry bushy dwarf virus isolates from Sweden and Belarus.
Title: Complete sequence and genetic characterization of Raspberry latent virus, a novel member of the family Reoviridae.
Title: Effects in rats of maternal exposure to raspberry leaf and its constituents on the activity of cytochrome p450 enzymes in the offspring.
Title: Fresh raspberry phytochemical extract inhibits hepatic lesion in a Wistar rat model.
Title: Anti-inflammatory effects of freeze-dried black raspberry powder in ulcerative colitis.
Title: Synthesis of raspberry-like monodisperse magnetic hollow hybrid nanospheres by coating polystyrene template with Fe(3)O(4)@SiO(2) particles.
Title: Superhydrophobic surfaces by hybrid raspberry-like particles.
Title: The complete sequence of a UK strain of black raspberry necrosis virus.
Title: Fermentative behavior of Saccharomyces strains during microvinification of raspberry juice (Rubus idaeus L.).
Title: Profiling of phenols in human fecal water after raspberry supplementation.
Title: Influence of postflowering temperature on fruit size and chemical composition of Glen Ample raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.).
Title: Carbon nanotube/raspberry hollow Pd nanosphere hybrids for methanol, ethanol, and formic acid electro-oxidation in alkaline media.
Title: Electroantennographic and behavioral responses of adults of raspberry weevil Aegorhinus superciliosus (Coleoptera: Curculionidae) to odors released from conspecific females.
Title: Phenolic content and antioxidant activity of raspberry and blackberry cultivars.
Title: Dietary freeze-dried black raspberry's effect on cellular antioxidant status during reflux-induced esophagitis in rats.
Title: Raspberry ketone increases both lipolysis and fatty acid oxidation in 3T3-L1 adipocytes.
Title: Genetic and environmental effects influencing fruit colour and QTL analysis in raspberry.
Title: First Report of Occurrence of Benomyl Resistance in Botrytis cinerea Isolates on Raspberry in Serbia.
Title: Biomimetic synthesis of raspberry-like hybrid polymer-silica core-shell nanoparticles by templating colloidal particles with hairy polyamine shell.
Title: Effect of essential oils, such as raspberry ketone and its derivatives, on antiandrogenic activity based on in vitro reporter gene assay.
Title: The effects of commercial preparations of red raspberry leaf on the contractility of the rat's uterus in vitro.
Title: Dietary black raspberry anthocyanins do not alter development of obesity in mice fed an obesogenic high-fat diet.
Title: Modeling relationships among active components in black raspberry (Rubus occidentalis L.) fruit extracts using high-resolution (1)H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy and multivariate statistical analysis.
Title: Black raspberry components inhibit proliferation, induce apoptosis, and modulate gene expression in rat esophageal epithelial cells.
Title: Formulation and in vitro-in vivo evaluation of black raspberry extract-loaded PLGA/PLA injectable millicylindrical implants for sustained delivery of chemopreventive anthocyanins.
Title: Effect of black raspberry extract in inhibiting NFkappa B dependent radioprotection in human breast cancer cells.
Title: Characterization of 14 raspberry cultivars by solid-phase microextraction and relationship with gray mold susceptibility.
Title: Small angle scattering model for Pickering emulsions and raspberry particles.
Title: A facile method for preparation of dye-doped silica-based raspberry-like microspheres and fluorescent films.
Title: A rapid and sensitive LC-MS/MS method for quantification of four anthocyanins and its application in a clinical pharmacology study of a bioadhesive black raspberry gel.
Title: Characterization of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) genotypes for their physicochemical properties.
Title: Raspberry leaf--should it be recommended to pregnant women?
Title: [Determination of anti-oxidative activity of different fractions of Xinjiang red raspberry fruits extract].
Title: Evidence of contact pheromone use in mating behavior of the raspberry weevil (Coleoptera: Curculionidae).
Title: Tyrosinase inhibitory effect and inhibitory mechanism of tiliroside from raspberry.
Title: Improved recovery of cryotherapy-treated shoot tips following thermotherapy of in vitro-grown stock shoots of raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.).
Title: Antioxidant properties of raspberry seed extracts on micronucleus distribution in peripheral blood lymphocytes.
Title: Topical treatment with black raspberry extract reduces cutaneous UVB-induced carcinogenesis and inflammation.
Title: Bacillus cereus as a biotemplating agent for the synthesis of zinc oxide with raspberry- and plate-like structures.
Title: Raspberry-like assembly of cross-linked nanogels for protein delivery.
Title: Silsesquioxane/polyamine nanoparticle-templated formation of star- or raspberry-like silica nanoparticles.
Title: Preparation of raspberry-like polypyrrole composites with applications in catalysis.
Title: Preparation of raspberry-like polymer/silica nanocomposite microspheres via emulsifier-free polymerization in water/acetone media.
Title: Synthesis of raspberry-like siO2/polystyrene nanocomposite particles via miniemulsion polymerization.
Title: Soil Solarization as a Component of an Integrated Program for Control of Raspberry Root Rot.
Title: Investigation of volatile compounds in two raspberry cultivars by two headspace techniques: solid-phase microextraction/gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (SPME/GC-MS) and proton-transfer reaction-mass spectrometry (PTR-MS).
Title: Stability of black raspberry anthocyanins in the digestive tract lumen and transport efficiency into gastric and small intestinal tissues in the rat.
Title: Effect of maternal raspberry leaf consumption in rats on pregnancy outcome and the fertility of the female offspring.
Title: Processing and storage effects on monomeric anthocyanins, percent polymeric color, and antioxidant capacity of processed black raspberry products.
Title: Genome activation by raspberry bushy dwarf virus coat protein.
Title: Phenolic acids in black raspberry and in the gastrointestinal tract of pigs following ingestion of black raspberry.
Title: Mapping QTLs for developmental traits in raspberry from bud break to ripe fruit.
Title: (S)-2-acetoxy-5-undecanone, female sex pheromone of the raspberry cane midge, Resseliella theobaldi (Barnes).
Title: Production of gamma-aminobutyric acid in black raspberry juice during fermentation by Lactobacillus brevis GABA100.
Title: Environmental and seasonal influences on red raspberry anthocyanin antioxidant contents and identification of quantitative traits loci (QTL).
Title: Distribution of anthocyanins delivered from a bioadhesive black raspberry gel following topical intraoral application in normal healthy volunteers.
Title: Infection of raspberry leaves by Botrytis cinerea in relation to leaf and cane age.
Title: Effect of canopy manipulation on cane and fruit Botrytis in protected raspberry.
Title: Effects of a black raspberry diet on gene expression in the rat esophagus.
Title: Dynamic torque during a precision grip task comparable to picking a raspberry.
Title: Identification, Characterization, and Detection of Black raspberry necrosis virus.
Title: Rubus chlorotic mottle virus, a new sobemovirus infecting raspberry and bramble.
Title: The reduction of murine norovirus 1, B. fragilis HSP40 infecting phage B40-8 and E. coli after a mild thermal pasteurization process of raspberry puree.
Title: Identification of four IgE-reactive proteins in raspberry (Rubus ideaeus L.).
Title: cDNA cloning and expression pattern of cinnamate-4-hydroxylase in the Korean black raspberry.
Title: First Report of Black raspberry necrosis virus in Rubus canadensis in Tennessee.
Title: Comparison of sugar, acids, and volatile composition in raspberry bushy dwarf virus-resistant transgenic raspberries and the wild type 'meeker' (rubus idaeus L.).
Title: Topical application of a bioadhesive black raspberry gel modulates gene expression and reduces cyclooxygenase 2 protein in human premalignant oral lesions.
Title: Phytophthora bisheria sp. nov., a new species identified in isolates from the Rosaceous raspberry, rose and strawberry in three continents.
Title: Volatile composition in raspberry cultivars grown in the Pacific Northwest determined by stir bar sorptive extraction-gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Title: Influence of the addition of raspberry seed extract on changes in the volatile pattern of stored model breakfast cereal.
Title: Occurrence of Late Leaf Rust Caused by Pucciniastrum americanum in Red Raspberry (Rubus idaeus) in Buenos Aires, Córdoba, and Entre Ríos, Argentina.
Title: Effect of topical application of raspberry ketone on dermal production of insulin-like growth factor-I in mice and on hair growth and skin elasticity in humans.
Title: Epidemiology of Xiphinema americanum and Tomato ringspot virus on Red Raspberry, Rubus idaeus.
Title: Cyanidin 3-rutinoside and cyanidin 3-xylosylrutinoside as primary phenolic antioxidants in black raspberry.
Title: Synthesis of core-corona polymer hybrids with a raspberry-like structure by the heterocoagulated pyridinium reaction.
Title: Metabolism of carotenoids and apocarotenoids during ripening of raspberry fruit.
Title: Differential effects of black raspberry and strawberry extracts on BaPDE-induced activation of transcription factors and their target genes.
Title: Molecular and biochemical characterization of benzalacetone synthase and chalcone synthase genes and their proteins from raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.).
Title: Facile method to fabricate raspberry-like particulate films for superhydrophobic surfaces.
Title: One template synthesis of raspberry-like hierarchical siliceous hollow spheres.
Title: Biosynthesis of monoterpenes and norisoprenoids in raspberry fruits (Rubus idaeus L.): the role of cytosolic mevalonate and plastidial methylerythritol phosphate pathway.
Title: Field captures of wild melon fly (Diptera: Tephritidae) with an improved male attractant, raspberry ketone formate.
Title: Microbial production of natural raspberry ketone.
Title: Microbial production of 4-hydroxybenzylidene acetone, the direct precursor of raspberry ketone.
Title: Inheritance of Phytophthora root rot resistance in red raspberry determined by generation means and molecular linkage analysis.
Title: Hierarchically structured superhydrophilic coatings fabricated by self-assembling raspberry-like silica nanospheres.
Title: The bioavailability of raspberry anthocyanins and ellagitannins in rats.
Title: Biology and control of the raspberry crown borer (Lepidoptera: Sesiidae).
Title: Identification and characterization of Raspberry mottle virus, a novel member of the Closteroviridae.
Title: Colon-available raspberry polyphenols exhibit anti-cancer effects on in vitro models of colon cancer.
Title: Comparison of some raspberry cultivars' herbal features by repeated random complete design statistic technique.
Title: Temporal sequence of cell wall disassembly events in developing fruits. 1. Analysis of raspberry (Rubus idaeus).
Title: Mapping of A1 conferring resistance to the aphid Amphorophora idaei and dw (dwarfing habit) in red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) using AFLP and microsatellite markers.
Title: Co-ordinated gene expression during phases of dormancy release in raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) buds.
Title: Radical scavenging activity and composition of raspberry (Rubus idaeus) leaves from different locations in Lithuania.
Title: Biotransformation of raspberry ketone and zingerone by cultured cells of Phytolacca americana.
Title: Blackberry, black raspberry, blueberry, cranberry, red raspberry, and strawberry extracts inhibit growth and stimulate apoptosis of human cancer cells in vitro.
Title: 'Cyanidin volumetric index' and 'chromaticity coordinates ratio' to characterize red raspberry (Rubus idaeus).
Title: Antiproliferative activity is predominantly associated with ellagitannins in raspberry extracts.
Title: Interrelationship between the raspberry cane midge, Resseliella theobaldi (Diptera: Cecidomyiidae) and its parasitoid, Aprostocetus epicharmus (Hymenoptera: Eulophidae).
Title: Transgenic peas (Pisum sativum) expressing polygalacturonase inhibiting protein from raspberry (Rubus idaeus) and stilbene synthase from grape (Vitis vinifera).
Title: Molecular mechanisms involved in chemoprevention of black raspberry extracts: from transcription factors to their target genes.
Title: Cryopreservation of shoot tips of blackberry and raspberry by encapsulation-dehydration and vitrification.
Title: Mapping gene H controlling cane pubescence in raspberry and its association with resistance to cane botrytis and spur blight, rust and cane spot.
Title: Identification and dietary relevance of antioxidants from raspberry.
Title: Urinary excretion of black raspberry (Rubus occidentalis) anthocyanins and their metabolites.
Title: Fate of anthocyanins and antioxidant capacity in contents of the gastrointestinal tract of weanling pigs following black raspberry consumption.
Title: Black raspberry extracts inhibit benzo(a)pyrene diol-epoxide-induced activator protein 1 activation and VEGF transcription by targeting the phosphotidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt pathway.
Title: Sequence analysis of grapevine isolates of Raspberry ringspot nepovirus.
Title: Raspberry-like composite polymer particles by self-assemble heterocoagulation based on a charge compensation process.
Title: Superhydrophobic films from raspberry-like particles.
Title: Preclinical evaluation of rapeseed, raspberry, and pine bark phenolics for health related effects.
Title: Assessing potential bioavailability of raspberry anthocyanins using an in vitro digestion system.
Title: Synomone or kairomone?--Bulbophyllum apertum flower releases raspberry ketone to attract Bactrocera fruit flies.
Title: Black raspberry extract and fractions contain angiogenesis inhibitors.
Title: Anti-obese action of raspberry ketone.
Title: Antioxidants in raspberry: on-line analysis links antioxidant activity to a diversity of individual metabolites.
Title: Cryopreservation of in vitro-grown shoot tips of raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) by encapsulation-vitrification and encapsulation-dehydration.
Title: Fatty acid composition and antioxidant properties of cold-pressed marionberry, boysenberry, red raspberry, and blueberry seed oils.
Title: The construction of a genetic linkage map of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus subsp. idaeus) based on AFLPs, genomic-SSR and EST-SSR markers.
Title: The defH9-iaaM auxin-synthesizing gene increases plant fecundity and fruit production in strawberry and raspberry.
Title: Cytologic features of clear cell carcinoma of the female genital tract. Diagnostic value of the "raspberry body" in nonexfoliative cytologic specimens.
Title: Detection and quantification of apple adulteration in diluted and sulfited strawberry and raspberry purées using visible and near-infrared spectroscopy.
Title: Complete nucleotide sequence of an isolate of the nepovirus raspberry ringspot virus from grapevine.
Title: First Report of Raspberry bushy dwarf virus on Red Raspberry and Grapevine in Slovenia.
Title: Analysis of ellagitannins and conjugates of ellagic acid and quercetin in raspberry fruits by LC-MSn.
Title: Occupational asthma due to freeze-dried raspberry.
Title: First Report of Raspberry bushy dwarf virus in Rubus multibracteatus from China.
Title: Instability of short-sequence DNA repeats of pear pathogenic Erwinia strains from Japan and Erwinia amylovora fruit tree and raspberry strains.
Title: Anticarcinogenic Activity of Strawberry, Blueberry, and Raspberry Extracts to Breast and Cervical Cancer Cells.
Title: Impact of Raspberry bushy dwarf virus on 'Marion' Blackberry.
Title: Quality characteristics of red raspberry fruit spread made with four sweeteners.
Title: Predatory role of Neoseiulus fallacis (Acari: Phytoseiidae): spatial and temporal dynamics in Washington red raspberry fields.
Title: A labeling study to elucidate the biosynthesis of 4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-butan-2-one (raspberry ketone) by Nidula niveo-tomentosa.
Title: Raspberry vesicles.
Title: Inhibition of benzo(a)pyrene diol-epoxide-induced transactivation of activated protein 1 and nuclear factor kappaB by black raspberry extracts.
Title: Identities and Geographic Distributions of Phytophthora spp. Causing Root Rot of Red Raspberry in Chile.
Title: Relaxant activity of raspberry (Rubus idaeus) leaf extract in guinea-pig ileum in vitro.
Title: Rapid characterization of anthocyanins in red raspberry fruit by high-performance liquid chromatography coupled to single quadrupole mass spectrometry.
Title: The Use of Soil Solarization for the Management of Soilborne Plant Pathogens in Strawberry and Red Raspberry Production.
Title: Labour and the raspberry leaf herb.
Title: Antibacterial activity of raspberry cordial in vitro.
Title: Molecular Identification of a Phytoplasma Associated with Witches'-Broom Disease of Black Raspberry in Oregon and Its Classification in Group 16SrIII, New Subgroup Q.
Title: The phenylalanine ammonia-lyase gene family in raspberry. Structure, expression, and evolution.
Title: Spatial trends of phenotypic diversity between colonies of wild raspberry Rubus idaeus.
Title: Incidence and Distribution of Raspberry bushy dwarf virus in Commercial Red Raspberry (Rubus idaeus) Crops in Scotland.
Title: Effect of processing and storage on the antioxidant ellagic acid derivatives and flavonoids of red raspberry (Rubus idaeus) jams.
Title: Phylogeny of raspberry beetles and other Byturidae (Coleoptera).
Title: Raspberry ketone from submerged cultured cells of the basidiomycete Nidula niveo-tomentosa.
Title: Raspberry leaf in pregnancy: its safety and efficacy in labor.
Title: Ripening-related changes in raspberry cell wall composition and structure.
Title: Raspberry leaf and its effect on labour: safety and efficacy.
Title: Natural Abundance (2)H Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Study of the Origin of Raspberry Ketone.
Title: Profiling of changes in gene expression during raspberry (Rubus idaeus) fruit ripening by application of RNA fingerprinting techniques.
Title: A comparison of the composition of epicuticular wax from red raspberry (Rubus idaeus L.) and hawthorn (Crataegus monogyna Jacq.) flowers.
Title: Ellagic acid, vitamin C, and total phenolic contents and radical scavenging capacity affected by freezing and frozen storage in raspberry fruit.
Title: Differences between the coat protein amino acid sequences of English and Scottish serotypes of Raspberry ringspot virus exposed on the surface of virus particles.
Title: Production and elicitation of benzalacetone and the raspberry ketone in cell suspension cultures of Rubus idaeus.
Title: Identificaton of raspberry bushy dwarf virus strains occurring in the Czech Republic.
Title: Frozen storage effects on anthocyanins and volatile compounds of raspberry fruit.
Title: Antioxidant activity in fruits and leaves of blackberry, raspberry, and strawberry varies with cultivar and developmental stage.
Title: Molecular evidence for multiple infections of a new subgroup of Wolbachia in the European raspberry beetle Byturus tomentosus.
Title: Stable isotope characterization of raspberry ketone extracted from Taxus baccata and obtained by oxidation of the accompanying alcohol (Betuligenol).
Title: Partial characterization of polyphenol oxidase activity in raspberry fruits.
Title: Integrated Control of Phytophthora Root Rot of Red Raspberry.
Title: Flower choices by raspberry beetles: cues for feeding and oviposition.
Title: Transmission of raspberry bushy dwarf virus by seed of Chenopodium quinoa.
Title: Temporal Changes in the Vertical Distribution of Pratylenchus penetrans under Raspberry.
Title: The isolation of RNA from raspberry (Rubus idaeus) fruit.
Title: Excessive formation of basement membrane substance in clear-cell carcinoma of the ovary: diagnostic value of the "raspberry body" in ascites cytology.
Title: Glucanolytic Actinomycetes Antagonistic to Phytophthora fragariae var. rubi, the Causal Agent of Raspberry Root Rot.
Title: Single-step immunocapture RT-PCR in the detection of raspberry bushy dwarf virus.
Title: Aromatic Polyketide Synthases (Purification, Characterization, and Antibody Development to Benzalacetone Synthase from Raspberry Fruits).
Title: [A case of conjunctival raspberry tumor of viral origin].
Title: The raspberry locus encodes Drosophila inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase.
Title: Efficient genetic transformation of red raspberry, Rubus ideaus L.
Title: Case for the panel. "Raspberry" particles in optic nerves from an AIDS patient.
Title: Cell Differentiation and Morphogenesis Are Uncoupled in Arabidopsis raspberry Embryos.
Title: Ribosomal spacer length variability in the large raspberry aphid, Amphorophora idaei (Aphidinae: macrosiphini).
Title: The vascular architecture of the fruit receptacle of red raspberry determined by 3D NMR microscopy and surface-rendering techniques.
Title: The raspberry locus of Drosophila melanogaster includes an inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase like coding sequence.
Title: Methadone diluted with contaminated orange juice or raspberry syrup as a potential source of disseminated candidiasis in drug abusers.
Title: Polypeptide synthesis induced in Nicotiana clevelandii protoplasts by infection with raspberry ringspot nepovirus.
Title: Proposed classification of the bipartite-genomed raspberry bushy dwarf idaeovirus, with tripartite-genomed viruses in the family Bromoviridae.
Title: The nucleotide sequence of RNA-1 of raspberry bushy dwarf virus.
Title: Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) microimaging of raspberry fruit: further studies on the origin of the image.
Title: The nucleotide sequence of RNA-2 of raspberry ringspot nepovirus.
Title: Nucleotide sequence of raspberry bushy dwarf virus RNA-2: a bicistronic component of a bipartite genome.
Title: [Isolation and characterization of colloidal soluble polysaccharides in raspberry juice].
Title: Nucleotide sequence of raspberry bushy dwarf virus RNA-3.
Title: Unusual electrophoretic properties of the coat protein of raspberry ringspot nepovirus.
Title: The metabolism of 4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)butan-2-one (raspberry ketone) in rats, guinea-pigs and rabbits.
Title: Stability and Complexation of Cyanidin-3-Giucoside and Raspberry Juice Extract in the Presence of Selected Cations.
Title: [Antioxydant activity of raspberry seeds oil (author's transl)].
Title: Ingestion, retention, and transmission of two strains of raspberry ring-spot virus by Longidorus macrosoma.
Title: [Proteo-polysaccharidic turbidity in depectinized raspberry juice].
Title: Identification of volatile compounds in hybrids between raspberry (Rubus idaeus, L.) and arctic bramble (Rubus arciticus, L.).
Title: Further properties of black raspberry latent virus, and evidence for its relationship to tobacco streak virus.
Title: Staining of basic nucleoproteins by an extract of the black raspberry.
Title: A study of ethylene in apple, red raspberry, and cherry.
Title: Studies on the Host Range of Xiphinema bakeri and Its Pathogenicity to Raspberry.
Title: [Differential diagnosis of liver metastases. Imitation by foreign body granulomas (raspberry pits)].
Title: Raspberry leaf tea: a new aspect to an old problem.
Title: "VASCULAR RASPBERRY" FORMATIONS OF THE STOMACH AND PEPTIC ULCER.
Title: SPECIFIC NEMATODE VECTORS FOR SEROLOGICALLY DISTINCTIVE FORMS OF RASPBERRY RINGSPOT AND TOMATO BLACK RING VIRUSES.
Title: Transmission of raspberry ringspot virus by Longidorus elongatus (de Man) (Nematoda: Dorylaimidae).
Title: Carbohydrate translocation in raspberry & soybean.
Title: Studies on the behavior in soils of tomato black ring, raspberry ringspot, and arabis mosaic viruses.
Title: Some properties of an inhibitor of virus infection from leaves of raspberry.
Title: [New bacterial disease of raspberry].
Title: The active constituents of raspberry leaves; a preliminary investigation.
Title: Reproductive versatility in Rubus; raspberry-blackberry hybrids.
Title: Reproductive versatility in Rubus; raspberry-blackberry hybrids; on an integrated species difference.
Title: Aphid vectors of European raspberry viruses.
Title: [Therapeutic trials with penicillin; Yaws (raspberry, pian, yaws)].
Title: The "Raspberry" Vaccination Scar, and Its Guarantee of Protection from Small Pox.
Title: Raspberry-like Nævus.
