Title: The validation of measured and self-reported sleep duration and perceived sleep quality: an empirical study with three generations of smartwatches.
Title: Dietary inflammatory and phytochemical indices as predictors of sleep quality, chronotype, and psychological health in adults.
Title: Impact of Ward Noise Management on Anxiety, Depression, and Sleep Quality in Hematological Patients After Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation.
Title: Association between Nocturnal Environmental Noise and Sleep Quality in Hospitalised COPD Patients: A Retrospective Cohort Study.
Title: The Impact of an Optimised Environmental Noise Management Protocol on Sleep Quality and Fatigue in Patients with Colorectal Cancer.
Title: Effect of Yoga-Based Interventions on Fatigue, Stress, and Sleep Quality in Pediatric Oncology Patients.
Title: Positive Childhood Experiences Can Moderate the Impact of Adverse Childhood Experiences on the Developmental Trajectory of Sleep Quality Among Adolescents.
Title: A Cross-Sectional Network Analysis of Psychological Resilience and Multidimensional Sleep Quality in Nurses.
Title: Sleep Quality in Later Life: How Does It Affect Driving Safety?
Title: Sleep Quality in ICU Subjects Receiving Noninvasive Respiratory Support: A Prospective Observational Study.
Title: The relationship between excessive internet use and learning burnout in adolescents with depressive disorders: the chain mediating role of sleep quality and anxiety.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Postcolonoscopy Pain.
Title: PEACE: Development and Validation of a Brief Five-Item Sleep Quality Scale for Community and Primary Care.
Title: Dual Pathways of Online Social Support on Sleep Quality in University Freshmen: The Suppression Effect of Psychological Resilience and the Moderating Role of Digital Literacy.
Title: Association between energy availability and sleep quality in elite female and male swimmers: a brief report.
Title: What is the most effective non-pharmacological treatment for poor sleep quality in Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients? a systematic review.
Title: A metacognitive mediation model of sleep quality: the roles of rumination and anxiety sensitivity in a community sample.
Title: The effect of white noise on sleep quality and fatigue in community-dwelling older adults: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Corneal Microstructural Alterations in Patients with Dry Eye Disease: An In Vivo Confocal Microscopy Study.
Title: Sleep quality in children with epilepsy and their mothers: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality as a mediator between perceived stress and dry eye severity among Chinese nurses.
Title: Tai Chi exercise improves sleep quality in older adults with mild insomnia by enhancing slow-wave activity during deep sleep: a 12-week randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality and its relationship with physical activity and frailty syndrome among hospitalized older adults in North Iran.
Title: Gender differences in sleep quality and its associated factors in patients with hypertension: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality and life satisfaction in urban-dwelling solitary Chinese older adults: a study of parallel mediation by depression and cognitive function.
Title: Is endometriosis associated with poor sleep quality? A meta-analysis.
Title: Factors associated with sleep quality and duration in mothers of children with autism spectrum disorder: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effects of Therapeutic Play Combined With Emotional Soothing Care on Clinical Outcomes, Nutritional Status, and Sleep Quality in Children With Acute Diarrhea.
Title: Association of dietary phytochemical index with sleep quality in older adults of Amirkola city.
Title: Sleep quality assessment in hospitalized postoperative surgical patients: a COSMIN-based systematic review.
Title: Dissociation between subjective sleep quality and lipid dysregulation in underground miners: night shift work as an independent risk factor for hypercholesterolemia.
Title: [Impact of perioperative transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation on pain and sleep quality after glaucoma surgery].
Title: Association between sleep quality and the occurrence of lower urinary tract symptoms among female nurses: Mediating roles of anxiety and depression.
Title: Sleep quality in pregnant women with lumbopelvic pain: prevalence of clinically significant sleep disturbance and comparison in clinical outcomes between pregnant women with and without clinically significant sleep disturbance.
Title: Subjective Sleep Quality Is Associated with Post-Exercise Appetite Loss in Female University Athletes: An Exploratory Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Association Between Psychological Distress and Sleep Quality in Children and Adolescents: A Cross-Sectional Study in Zhejiang, China.
Title: The effect of caffeinated beverage consumption on the relationship between sleep quality and major adverse cardiovascular events: Sleep Heart Health Study.
Title: A study on the association between sleep quality and mental health of township healthcare workers from the perspective of social support.
Title: Prevalence and Predictors of Poor Sleep Quality Among Adolescents in Central Sudan: The Role of Depression, Anxiety, and Gender.
Title: Serum neurotransmitter imbalances in benign paroxysmal positional vertigo: correlations with anxiety, depression, and sleep quality.
Title: Network Analysis of Sleep Quality and Psychiatric Symptoms Among ICU Nursing Staff.
Title: Bedtime Inhalation-Based Relaxation for Sleep Quality and Depressive Symptoms in Institutionalized Older Adults: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Psychological burden in mothers of children with drug allergy: a comparative study of anxiety, depression, and sleep quality.
Title: Comparative Evaluation of Ashwagandha (
Title: Factors Affecting Sleep Quality in Pregnant Women During the Second Trimester and Its Association with Birth Outcomes.
Title: Methodological Limitations and the Necessity of Objective Biomarkers in Linking Oral Frailty to Subjective Sleep Quality.
Title: Caffeine intake from different dietary sources and its association with sleep quality in employed adults.
Title: Impact of Sleep Quality on Cognitive Function in Elderly Patients With Alzheimer's Disease.
Title: Linking Social Anxiety to Depressive Symptoms in Adolescents: The Dual Mediating Roles of Perceived Social Support and Sleep Quality.
Title: The sleep quality of nurses may depend not only on socio-economic status but also on multiple determinants, requiring multivariate analysis.
Title: Effect of maternal voice on sleep quality in children following cardiac surgery: protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Dexmedetomidine Plus Stellate Ganglion Block Improves Postoperative Sleep Quality in Elderly Hip Arthroplasty Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Association of dietary phytochemical index with sleep quality, and inflammatory markers in adults with type 2 diabetes: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Letter to the Editor "Perioperative Music Therapy Enhances Pain Management and Sleep Quality in Patients Aged 50-70 Years Undergoing Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Randomized Controlled Trial"[Letter].
Title: The relationship between social support, e-Health literacy, sleep quality and Internet addiction disorder in college students: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The impact of negative events on adolescent sleep quality: the role of negative attention bias and negative emotions.
Title: Validity and Reliability Test of The Indonesian Version of the Gastrointestinal Symptom Rating Scale (GSRS) and Correlation of Sleep Quality, Stress Level, and Diet with Gastrointestinal Symptoms among Medical Students.
Title: The Relationship Between Internet Addiction, Sleep Quality, and Cyberchondria in Nursing Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The impact of respectful maternity care on postpartum mental health and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality and small dense LDL-C: Analytic clarifications and clinical context.
Title: The impact of muscle energy technique and aromatherapy on pain, disability, and sleep quality in office workers with nonspecific neck pain: randomized controlled study.
Title: Association between ultra-processed foods intake and sleep quality/quantity in community-dwelling older adults.
Title: Exercise Interventions for Improving Sleep Quality in Patients With Cancer: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis.
Title: The personal habits and sleep quality affect the health-related quality of patients with hypertension: The results of a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep, movement, and marks: exploring the relationship between sleep quality, physical activity, and academic performance in male university students.
Title: Association Between Reflux Symptom Severity and Sleep Quality in Patients With Laryngopharyngeal Reflux: A Cross-Sectional Observational Study.
Title: Association between methyl donor nutrients intake with sleep duration, sleep quality and biomarkers of oxidative stress and inflammation among adults.
Title: Intranasal dexmedetomidine in reducing postoperative delirium among cardiac surgery patients by improving sleep quality in China (DREAMS): study protocol for a single-centre, double-blind, randomised controlled trial.
Title: Midwife-led guidance on daily steps and physical activity to improve sleep quality in the third trimester of pregnancy: An examination of its rationale.
Title: Comment on "Disparity in Self-Reported Sleep Quality Between Old Adults in Urban and Rural Areas of China: A Fairlie Decomposition Analysis".
Title: The Impact of Trauma on Sleep Quality: Examining the Role of Nightmares in Cognitive Impairment.
Title: Effects of Inhaled Aromatherapy on Sleep Quality and Cognitive Function in Older Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleepy aggression: examining the interrelationships and mechanisms between sleep quality and aggressive behavior.
Title: Longitudinal effects of technostress on bedtime procrastination and sleep quality among university students.
Title: Unveiling the relationship between dietary patterns and sleep quality: cross-sectional evidence from university students in Jinan city.
Title: Demographic and socioeconomic inequalities in sleep quality among Chinese aged 15 years and above: a national population-based study.
Title: Sleep Tight, Don't Fight? Daily Sleep Quality and Marital Strain in Same- and Different-Sex Marriages in the United States.
Title: An examination of sleep quality in middle school students in the context of smartphone addiction and morningness-eveningness preference.
Title: Self-reported sleep quality and longitudinal amyloid burden in clinically unimpaired adults from the AMYPAD PNHS study.
Title: Living with HIV and Insomnia: Implications for sleep quality, experimental pain sensitivity, and clinical pain severity.
Title: The sleep quality of schoolchildren depends not only on gender, but also on numerous other influencing factors.
Title: Continuous theta burst stimulation improves sleep quality and thereby enhances athletic performance in athletes with sleep disorders: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Associations of menstrual problems with migraine among nursing interns: The mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: The impact of home-based telerehabilitation pranayama on sleep quality and wellbeing in mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. A randomized controlled trial.
Title: A proposed interplay between intermittent fasting and sleep quality in alleviating premenstrual syndrome symptoms.
Title: Sleep quality and quality of life in patients with dermatological diseases during the war in Gaza.
Title: Pharmacotherapeutic interventions to improve postoperative sleep quality in older adult patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep Behaviour and Subjective Sleep Quality in Esports Athletes: A Multilevel Analysis of Night-to-Night Variability.
Title: Exploring Sleep Quality and Chronic Rhinosinusitis Risk Using Wearable Technology.
Title: The effect of hyperbaric oxygen therapy on sleep quality across diverse patient populations.
Title: Hybrid Deep Learning Framework for Sleep Quality Prediction: Integrating Metaheuristic Optimization and Statistical Features.
Title: Non-pharmacological interventions for improving sleep quality in adults aged 50 years and older: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Corrigendum to "Sleep Quality, Sleep Hygiene Practices and Influencing Factors Among Malaysian University Students".
Title: Sleep Quality and Associated Factors Among Medical Students in Tropical China: A Cross-Sectional Study in Hainan Province.
Title: Sleep Quality, Glycemic Control, and Daytime Dysfunction in Type 2 Diabetes.
Title: The Relationship Between Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Sleep Quality, Eating Behaviour and Diet Quality in Syrian Migrants: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The association between sleep quality and postoperative pain after half-impacted mandibular third molar extraction: comparison of three statistical models.
Title: Lifestyle behaviors among clients of diet centers in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia: exploring physical activity and sleep quality beyond dietary programs.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Cognitive Function in Patients with Hypertension in Rural Areas of Shanxi Province, China: The Chain Mediating Role of Anxiety and Depression.
Title: Exploring the Relationship Between Selective Mental Health Problems and Sleep Quality Among Security Guards Working in Bengaluru Urban District.
Title: Validity and Reliability of the Turkish Version of the Brief Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index.
Title: Melatonin Supplementation Improves Pain, Sleep Quality, and Total Plasma Antioxidant Capacity in Women with Fibrocystic Breast Disease: A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial.
Title: The Impact of Cognitive Behavioral Group Therapy with or without Lavender Aroma on Sleep Quality in Menopausal Women: Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Mental health in the peri-hospital period of older patients: the roles of physical symptoms burden and sleep quality.
Title: Dose-response relationship between physical activity and subjective sleep quality in patients with insomnia: a systematic review and Bayesian meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Sleep Quality by Reproductive Stage among Women Living with HIV in the United States Enrolled in the Health Outcomes around Pregnancy and Exposure to HIV/Antiretrovirals (HOPE) Study.
Title: Maternal sleep quality during pregnancy and neonatal outcomes: A study from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Baseline pain, fatigue, and sleep quality predict 12-week pain improvement in inflammatory arthritis: retrospective real-world analysis of a digital health application cohort.
Title: Effect of brainwave entrainment on sleep quality among MBBS students in India.
Title: Sleep Quality and Academic Performance Among Nursing Students: Palestinian Perspective - A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: When poor sleep hurts most: procrastination as a moderator of the association between sleep quality and academic performance in medical students.
Title: Comparative efficacy of aerobic exercise and mind-body practices in improving sleep quality and psychological distress among elderly breast cancer patients: a systematic review.
Title: Association between probiotic intervention and sleep quality in the general adult population: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Effects of Early Mobilization Training on Mobility, Pain, Comfort, and Sleep Quality in Laparoscopic Abdominal Surgery Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Impaired sleep quality and mental health are associated with the severity of menopausal symptoms.
Title: Correlation and path analysis between sleep quality and psychological stress in college students.
Title: Efficacy of licorice extract in combination with a low-calorie diet on sex hormones, sleep quality, depression, and appetite in overweight/obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: An RCT.
Title: Community human settlement and self-rated health among older adults: the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: Factors associated with sleep quality in community-dwelling older adults: a latent class analysis.
Title: Concordance of wearable device sleep metrics with patient-reported sleep quality: A systematic review.
Title: A study on the correlation among sleep quality in pregnant women, type 2 diabetes risk scores based on FINDRISC, and pregnancy-related anxiety.
Title: Interaction between perceived ageism and poor sleep quality on frailty among community-dwelling older adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Association of CLOCK rs1801260 Polymorphism with Sleep Quality in Residents of the Far North.
Title: The Effect of Progressive Relaxation Exercises Applied to Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes on FATIQUE Level and Sleep Quality: A Randomised Controlled Study.
Title: Associations of sleep quality and physical activity with anxiety and depressive symptoms among university students: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Latent profiles of professional identity and sleep quality and associations with anxiety symptoms among emergency nurses.
Title: Effect of mind-body therapies on anxiety, depression and sleep quality in college students: a network meta-analysis.
Title: IDEA-FAST clinical study protocol: Identifying digital end-points of fatigue, sleep quality and daytime sleepiness in N = 2000.
Title: Effects of lemborexant on sleep quality and its association with morning alertness: Post hoc analysis of two phase 3 trials.
Title: Eating attitudes, sleep quality, and self-esteem in adolescents diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Title: The association of restless leg syndrome with sleep quality, depression symptoms, and quality of life in pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Plant-derived exosome-like vesicles enhance exercise-induced muscle recovery and sleep quality.
Title: Determinants of poor sleep quality in hemodialysis patients: a multicenter cross sectional study in Sri Lanka.
Title: Association between sleep quality and cancer-related cognitive impairment in patients with cancer: a meta-analysis.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Geriatric Hip Fracture: A Prospective Comparative Study.
Title: Trends in the use of Baduanjin for improving sleep quality: a visual analysis.
Title: Effects of Elexacaftor/Tezacaftor/Ivacaftor on cough frequency, physical activity patterns, and sleep quality in adolescents and adults with cystic fibrosis.
Title: Sleep architecture and self-reported sleep quality are associated with Alzheimer's disease biomarkers in older adults without dementia.
Title: Pineal Gland Volume, Sleep Quality, and Psychiatric Disorders: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Psychiatric comorbidities and sleep quality in Epilepsy: A Cross-sectional study in tribal population of Mayurbhanj district of Odisha.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Relationship with Temporomandibular Disorders and Oral Health-Related Quality of Life Among Dental Students and Interns: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Effect of Curcumin Plus Piperine on Mental Health Status, Sleep Quality, and Anthropometric Indices in Patients with Non-Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Title: Perioperative Music Therapy Enhances Pain Management and Sleep Quality in Patients Aged 50-70 Years Undergoing Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality in the relationship between professional identity and anxiety symptoms among emergency nurses: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Disparity in Self-Reported Sleep Quality Between Old Adults in Urban and Rural Areas of China: A Fairlie Decomposition Analysis.
Title: The Effect of Warm Foot Baths on Sleep Quality, Fatigue, and Bowel Function in Patients With Stroke.
Title: Unveiling the chain mediation model of sleep quality and fatigue in linking subjective exercise experience to depression in adolescent.
Title: Comparing the Efficacy of Earplugs and Eye Masks on Pain and Sleep Quality in Cardiovascular Intensive Care Unit Patients: A Three-Arm Randomised Controlled Trial.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality in the association between inflammatory disease activity and health-related quality of life in rheumatoid arthritis.
Title: Improved executive function and sleep quality in preteens with high-functioning autism following a structured physical activity program.
Title: Association Between Physical Activity Levels and Sleep Quality Among Saudi Board Trainees: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Measuring sleep disturbance in advanced cancer using the brief Pittsburgh sleep quality index (bPSQI).
Title: Comparative effects of caffeine and paraxanthine on rowing performance and sleep quality: a randomized crossover study.
Title: Associations between the athlete diet index and sleep quality in Iranian professional athletes: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Physical activity motivation is inversely associated with anxiety: a cross-sectional serial mediation analysis involving smartphone addiction symptoms and sleep quality in medical undergraduates.
Title: Association between electronic device use time and self-rated health in medical students: mediating role of sleep quality and moderating effect of psychological stress.
Title: Lifestyle intervention to improve sleep quality in Chinese college students: a systematic review.
Title: Auricular magnetic bead acupressure improves postpartum sleep quality and fatigue, and reduces epidural-related maternal fever in primiparas: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality and diabetic neuropathy: A review and exploratory meta-analysis.
Title: Associations among sleep quality, physical activity enjoyment, and burnout in elite male taekwondo athletes: a structural equation modeling study.
Title: Basketball participation improves sleep quality through psychological flexibility in adolescents.
Title: Dyadic Associations Between Stress and Sleep Quality and Moderating Effects of Emotional Intimacy and in Survivors of Young Adult Cancer and Their Spouses: An Observational Study.
Title: The association of sleep quality and chronotype with fat preference among university students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations Between Sleep Quality and Continuous Glucose Monitoring-Derived Metrics in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes.
Title: The Role of Muscle Strength, Physical Activity, Perceived Stress, and Sleep Quality in Patients with Hypertension.
Title: Trajectories and Determinants of Female Sexual Function from Pregnancy to 12 Months Postpartum: Obstetric Trauma, Sleep Quality, Depressive Symptoms, and Relationship Satisfaction.
Title: Chronotype and Subjective Memory Complaints: The Sequential Mediating Roles of Sleep Quality and Psychological Distress.
Title: Associations Between Life Satisfaction and Sleep Quality Among Older Adults in China: Mediating Roles of Psychological Resilience and Anxiety and a Moderating Role of Chronic Disease.
Title: Short-Term Sulfurous Balneotherapy and Self-Reported Sleep Quality: An Exploratory Retrospective Real-World Pre-Post Observational Study at Terme di Saturnia (Italy).
Title: Association of Sleep Quality, Sleep Disturbances, and Chronotype with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder in Earthquake-Exposed Adolescents.
Title: Relationship of Emotional Functioning in 9-12-Year-Old Schoolchildren with Key Lifestyles: Sleep Quality and Daily Physical Activity.
Title: Disentangling the Effects of Daily Activity and Sleep Quality on Psychological Well-being among Chinese LGBTQ+ Emerging Adults: The Moderating Role of Body Dissatisfaction.
Title: Comparison of the therapeutic effects of traditional Chinese medicine exercise therapies on blood pressure, lipids, and sleep quality among older patients suffering from hypertension: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Effectiveness of Nursing Strategies on Memory and Sleep Quality among Patients with Alzheimer's Disease in a Selected Centers at Coimbatore.
Title: The night matters: sleep quality and evening chronotype associated with clinical severity of psoriasis.
Title: Functional exercise, fear of recurrence, and sleep quality: a longitudinal path analysis of quality of life in postoperative breast cancer patients.
Title: Mapping association between sleep quality, chronotype and depressive symptoms in Chinese adults: A network analysis.
Title: Effectiveness of Total Body Resistance Exercise Intervention on Sleep Quality Among Nursing Staff.
Title: Sleep quality and weight-adjusted waist index in US adults: a cross-sectional study from NHANES 2015-2020.
Title: Sleep Quality, Academic Performance, and Associated Predictors Among Undergraduate Health Sciences Students at the University of Rwanda.
Title: Exploring the Impact of a Heart Failure Diagnosis on Women's Lifestyles With a Specific Focus on Physical Activity, Sedentary Behaviour, Sleep, Quality of Life and Social Support.
Title: The effectiveness of dance interventions on sleep quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: HK-ASAP study: protocol for a prospective cohort study on sleep quality, brain reserve and cognitive phenotypes in community-dwelling older adults.
Title: Effect of aerobic exercise on sleep quality in patients with mental disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Objective and subjective measures of sleep quality in patients with end stage kidney disease: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Comparative effects of nonpharmacological interventions on sleep quality of institutionalized older adults without dementia: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Nightly variations in sleep quality and next-day cognitive performance: an in-home study in healthy older adults.
Title: Prevalence and Associated Factors of Poor Sleep Quality Among ‎adults in Qatar.
Title: The regulatory role of sleep quality in the effect of preoperative intrusive thoughts on the fear of pain: structural equation modeling.
Title: Analysis of the trajectory of sleep quality changes and influencing factors in maintenance haemodialysis patients in Xinjiang, China: a prospective longitudinal study.
Title: Joint effects of contaminants of emerging concern (CECs) on sleep quality in Chinese elderly: A Bayesian kernel machine regression and quantile g-computation analysis.
Title: Wrist-type home blood pressure monitoring device improves usability and preserves sleep quality compared with conventional ambulatory monitoring.
Title: Depression as a Risk Moderator Factor for Sleep Quality in Highly Sensitive People.
Title: Short-Term Turkish Coffee Consumption Elevates Cardiovascular Risk Markers, Decreases Leptin Levels, and Impairs Sleep Quality in Healthy Young Women: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effects of transcranial pulsed current stimulation on sleep quality in Student-Athletes with different types of sleep disorders.
Title: Quality of life, sleep quality, and psychological wellbeing of patients with chronic kidney disease in Sabaragamuwa Province, Sri Lanka: a descriptive cross-sectional study.
Title: The Effects of Sleep Quality and Age on Executive Function in Typically Developing Children.
Title: Network Structure of Sleep Quality and Emotional State Among ICU Nurses: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
Title: Comparative efficacy of non- pharmacological interventions on sleep quality in patients with multiple sclerosis: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Restless legs syndrome and sleep quality in children with migraine and tension-type headache.
Title: Competitive Attitudes and Depression Among Chinese College Students: Mediating Roles of Sleep Quality and Peer Relationships.
Title: Regional structural-functional coupling alterations associated with subjective sleep quality in young adults.
Title: How negative life-events affect sleep quality of college students: a chain-mediating model.
Title: Prevalence of Poor Sleep Quality Among School Children in Chandigarh.
Title: Association of ocular symptom burden with sleep quality and psychological distress in patients with primary glaucoma: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The network ties between sleep quality, suicidality, and psychopathology.
Title: The interplay of night eating syndrome with resting metabolic rate, anthropometric measures, and sleep quality in normal-weight female university students: a case-control study.
Title: The Effects of Mind Sound Resonance Technique (MSRT) on Anxiety, Sleep Quality, and Quality of Life in Adults: A Systematic Review Protocol.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and blood pressure in older adults with hypertension.
Title: A Chain mediation model linking experiential avoidance, cognitive flexibility, negative emotions, and sleep quality in university students.
Title: Educational intervention on sleep hygiene habits and sleep quality of postgraduate students.
Title: Bruxism, Sleep Quality, Anxiety Disorders, and Tension-Type Headache in Temporomandibular Joint Disorders: A Systematic Review.
Title: Nocturnal Melatonin Deficiency in Colorectal Cancer: Independent Predictive Value Beyond Sleep Quality.
Title: Association between cybervictimization and sleep quality in a national sample of U.S. young people: examining the moderating role of in-person and social media emotional support.
Title: Sleep alignment: Congruence between daily perceived sleep quality and global sleep quality mitigated by stress and stress management self-efficacy.
Title: Effects of peribulbar block and incisionless sub-Tenon's block on sleep quality after cataract surgery.
Title: Association of sleep quality and inner-ear-specific biomarkers Otolin-1 and otoconin-90 with disease severity in benign paroxysmal positional vertigo.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and occupational identity among psychiatric night shift nurses.
Title: Mind-body exercise and anxiety in middle-aged and older adults: a sequential mediation model of emotion regulation and sleep quality.
Title: Effects of Aquatic Exercise on Sleep Quality in Patients with Chronic Diseases: A Meta-Analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Mental Health of High-Level Esports Competitors: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Ultra-Processed Food Consumption and Mental Health and Sleep Quality in Turkish Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality, Insomnia, Daytime Sleepiness, and OSA Risk Across Occupational Groups: A Comparative Analysis of Professional Drivers and IT Workers.
Title: Sleep quality, chronotype, and quality of life among Ukrainian students during war and armed conflict: A cluster analysis.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality, clinical decision-making and the tendency to make medical errors in nurses.
Title: 'How Did You Sleep Last Night?': Predicting Young Adults' Subjective Sleep Quality Through the Use of Multi-night Ambulatory Sleep EEG.
Title: Sleep Quality and Delirium Occurrence in Intensive Care Unit Patients: A Prospective Observational Study.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality and the moderating role of gender and grade in the association between academic stress and psychological health among adolescents in county-level areas of Liaoning Province, China.
Title: Use of sensing technologies to assess sleep quality and physical activity levels in nursing home residents with dementia taking nightly psychotropic drugs for sleep disturbance: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Network analysis of sleep quality-anxiety-depressive symptoms among patients with chronic heart failure.
Title: Associations between hedonic hunger, diet quality, mindful eating, sleep quality, and occupational stress in shift and non-shift hospital employees.
Title: Effects of music-based interventions on sleep quality in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Genetic and environmental influences on sleep quality, ability to settle, and crying duration in 2- and 5-month-old infants: A longitudinal twin study.
Title: The effects of aerobic exercise on sleep quality in older adults with sleep problems: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Sleep quality and sleepiness in adults with multiple myeloma. Is melatonin a potential treatment?
Title: Investigation of sexual life and sleep quality in patients with hereditary angioedema.
Title: The effect of hand massage on pain, comfort, and sleep quality in palliative care oncology patients.
Title: Sleep psychoeducation strategies for patients with chronic migraine and sleep quality complaints.
Title: Pain-induced sleep disturbances fully mediate the association between symptomatic hip and knee osteoarthritis and poor sleep quality : a cross-sectional study.
Title: Corrigendum to "The effects of intermittent fasting on sleep quality and cardiometabolic health outcomes in adults with overweight/obesity status: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials" [Sleep Medicine Reviews 84 (2025) 102193].
Title: Global prevalence of poor sleep quality in hemodialysis patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Healthy Lifestyle Beliefs in Adolescents: The Mediating Role of Screen Exposure.
Title: Association of quantity and quality of fat intake with sleep quality: a cross-sectional study in Iran.
Title: The Effect of a Race-Based Stress Reduction Intervention on Sleep Quality, Melatonin Onset, and Inflammation in African American Women: Protocol for a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Gendered Racial Microaggressions and Sleep Quality: Examining the Potential Mediating Role of Mental Health in Asian American Women.
Title: Association Between Movement Behaviors, Sleep Quality, and Anxiety Symptoms in Adolescents: A School-Based Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Changed Serum Levels of Sirtuin1 and Sirtuin3 and Their Correlations with Sleep Quality and Cognitive Function in Patients with Chronic Insomnia Disorder.
Title: Psychometric properties of the two-item Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI-2) in a cohort of community-dwelling older men: the MrOS sleep study.
Title: Habitual coffee consumption poorly correlates with sleep quality and daytime sleepiness: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Influence of Ward Nighttime Noise Management on Sleep Quality and Negative Emotions in Postoperative Patients with Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head within an Enhanced Recovery After Surgery Context.
Title: Comparative Effects of Music Therapy Versus White Noise on Sleep Quality and Psychological Resilience of Night-Shift Nurses: Retrospective Cohort Study.
Title: Efficacy of Taiji Stick exercise on sleep quality and anxiety in older adults: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Evaluation of Depression, Anxiety, and Sleep Quality in Patients With Acne Vulgaris Receiving Isotretinoin Treatment.
Title: Evaluating perioperative self-reported sleep quality in patients with a gynecologic malignancy.
Title: Association between temporomandibular disorders and sleep quality among undergraduate dental students: a cross-sectional study.
Title: mHealth Low-Carbohydrate Type 2 Diabetes Intervention Positively Impacts Sleep Quality and Psychosocial Outcomes.
Title: Impact of solriamfetol treatment on sleep quality in Chinese patients with OSA-EDS: results of a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Mental health disorders among people living with human immunodeficiency virus on antiretroviral therapy in Benin: the overlooked role of sleep quality.
Title: The relationship of central sensitization with disability, pain catastrophizing, depression, and sleep quality in patients with lumbar spinal stenosis.
Title: Beyond symptom control: The unseen effects of anticholinergic burden on executive functions and sleep quality in adolescents with depression.
Title: The correlation between gut microbiota and sleep quality changes in breast cancer patients receiving postoperative chemotherapy: a longitudinal study.
Title: Subjective sleep quality in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: A preliminary investigation on visual arts in impacting the sleep quality among university students.
Title: Correction: Network meta-analysis and dose-response analysis of exercise on sleep quality and BMI in obese populations.
Title: Network meta-analysis and dose-response analysis of exercise on sleep quality and BMI in obese populations.
Title: Correction: The impact of social participation on activities of daily living in older adults with knee osteoarthritis: the chain mediating effects of sleep quality and multidimensional frailty.
Title: Mild hyperbaric oxygen therapy on subjective sleep quality, aerobic, anaerobic exercise test, brain and muscle tissue oxygenation response in Chinese University male athletes after muscle fatigue.
Title: Sleep quality, duration, and multi-trajectories as predictors of rheumatoid arthritis: evidence from the english longitudinal study of ageing.
Title: Stress, coping, and other determinants of poor sleep quality among healthcare students in a conflict region: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Ultra-processed food consumption, hedonic hunger, and sleep quality among university students: a food and nutrition literacy perspective.
Title: The Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Prodromal Symptoms in Euthymic Patients with Bipolar Disorder.
Title: A network analysis of sleep quality, cognitive function, and depressive symptoms among community-dwelling older adults.
Title: Melissa phospholipids improves sleep quality and mental well-being: concluding results from clinical study in adults with emotional distress.
Title: Sleep quality prediction in basketball athletes using a deep learning framework with an attention mechanism based on multimodal data.
Title: Effects of different administration routes of dexmedetomidine on sleep quality in patients undergoing total knee arthroplasty.
Title: The Mediating Effects of Anxiety and Depression on the Relationship Between Mindfulness Levels and Sleep Quality in Acute Leukemia Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Mobile Phone Addiction and Sleep Quality Among Children and Adolescents: Unraveling the Health Consequences.
Title: Association between calcium intake and sleep quality: a systematic review.
Title: Sleep Quality And Its Associated Factors In Patients With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Title: Glycemic Control, Quality Of Life, And Social Determinants Of Sleep Quality In Newly Diagnosed Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Title: The Effect of Dry Needling on Sleep Quality in Individuals With Musculoskeletal Pain Disorders.
Title: Effect of laughter yoga on fatigue, sleep quality and psychological well-being in people with multiple sclerosis: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effects of a maternal-infant telecare program on postpartum maternal confidence and sleep quality of mothers and infants.
Title: The effectiveness of white noise for sleep quality in patients admitted to the intensive care unit: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: What is the role of food consumption in the relationships between sleep duration, sleep quality, and cognitive function? A study among Chinese older adults.
Title: The effect of prebiotic intervention foods on caregiver-reported infant sleep and caregiver sleep quality during complementary feeding- secondary analysis of a randomized control trial.
Title: Assessment of Sleep Quality Among Physicians Working at Tertiary Care Centers in Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Associations Between Night Shifts and Comorbid Depressive-Anxiety Symptoms Among Chinese Nurses: Indirect Associations via Sleep Quality and Duration.
Title: Sleep problems in prostate cancer patients: a comparison of several questionnaires measuring sleep quality.
Title: Association Between Postpartum Depression Symptoms of Primiparas and Uterine Recovery, Sleep Quality and Postpartum Stress.
Title: From perceived stress to social anxiety: Roles of sleep quality and affective empathy in medical students.
Title: The Role of Peanuts and Tree Nuts in Improving Diet and Sleep Quality: A Pilot Study and Literature Review.
Title: Prevalence of Poor Sleep Quality and Its Association with Dysmenorrhea Among Female Undergraduate Students at a Health Sciences University in the UAE.
Title: Changes in Sleep Quality and Insomnia Severity After Day Therapy in Patients with Alcohol Dependence: A Before-and-After Case Series.
Title: Sleep Quality in Patients with Epilepsy: Differences in Anxiety, Depression, and Clinical Characteristics.
Title: Impact of 8 Weeks of Moderate- Versus High-Intensity Interval Training on Sleep Quality.
Title: Mental health and sleep quality across different physical activity intensities: A cross-sectional epidemiological analysis.
Title: An Assessment of Melatonin Levels in the Saliva of Patients with Chronic Urticaria in Comparison with Their Sleep Quality and Dermatologic Quality of Life.
Title: Effects of Progressive Muscle Relaxation and Slow Stroke Back Massage on Blood Pressure, Stress, and Sleep Quality in Older Adults: A Scoping Review.
Title: Effect of impact mechanism and intervention measures on sleep quality of college students addicted to short video: a randomly controlled trial.
Title: Association between psychological well-being, sleep quality, and academic performance among physical therapy students.
Title: Effects of non-pharmacological interventions on sleep quality in older adults: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: The relationship between serum inflammatory cytokine levels and subjective sleep quality in chronic insomnia disorder.
Title: Chronotype, sleep quality, and functional health in active older adults: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Depressive symptoms, sleep quality, and mortality risk in heavy drinkers: a National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey cohort study.
Title: Evaluation of sleep quality, social-emotional development, and parental stress levels of children with atopic dermatitis.
Title: The effects of exergaming on sleep quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Cognitive Reappraisal and Sleep Quality: A Serial Mediation Analysis of Associations Through Meaningful Work and Perceived Stress.
Title: Physical activity and sleep quality: exploring the mediating role of depression and the moderating role of physical fitness among adolescents.
Title: Comment on: 'Association between visual impairment and sleep quality: a cross-sectional, comparative study of severity, eye conditions, and risk factors'.
Title: Exploring comorbidity patterns of psychosis-related post-traumatic stress disorder and depression symptoms in stabilised hospitalised schizophrenia patients and relationships with sleep quality and quality of life: a latent profile analysis.
Title: Functional Dyspepsia Among Nurses Working Rotating Shifts: Its Prevalence and Associations With Sleep Quality and Stress.
Title: Physical exercise programmes to improve insomnia or poor sleep quality in non-hospitalised elderly people: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The effect of melatonin supplementation on lipid profile, oxidative stress, inflammatory marker, and sleep quality in patients with chronic kidney disease: a GRADE assessed meta-analysis.
Title: Nighttime screen use, sleep quality, and smartphone addiction symptoms among medical students: an international cross-sectional study.
Title: Association of sleep quality and urinary melatonin levels with endometrial cancer: A case control pilot study.
Title: Mindfulness-based interventions to promote improved sleep quality in older adults.
Title: Night eating behavior, sleep quality, body composition, and type 2 diabetes risk among Saudi Arabian females: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Understanding the dynamic association between sleep quality and mood in children and adolescents with cerebral palsy.
Title: [Therapeutic role of physical activity in relationship between chronic pain and sleep quality in musculoskeletal disorders].
Title: Effectiveness of Otago exercise on sleep quality and dialysis adequacy in hemodialysis patients.
Title: Cancer-Related Fatigue, Psychological Symptoms, and Sleep Quality and Influencing Factors in Cancer Patients Receiving Chemotherapy.
Title: More than half of senior intensivists have a poor sleep quality: a multicentre survey in France.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and academic achievement among students in health-related disciplines: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Letter to the Editor regarding "Association between sedentary behavior and sleep quality among urban white-collar workers with or at risk of metabolic syndrome: a secondary analysis of a randomized 3-month workplace lifestyle intervention trial".
Title: Sleep quality modifies the association between nocturnal sleep, daytime napping, and mild cognitive impairment: A population-based dose-response study.
Title: Does the preoperative presence of central sensitization affect sleep quality and pain after total knee arthroplasty?
Title: Effects of mindfulness-based stress reduction on sleep quality and academic stress of Chinese adolescents: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Association between physical activity, sleep quality and diabetes: a population-based analysis.
Title: Constant light disrupts biological rhythms and worsens sleep quality but does not elevate blood pressure in female rats.
Title: Acupressure on Sleep Quality and Daytime Sleepiness of Surgical Nurses: A Randomized, Single-Blind, Sham-Controlled Tria.
Title: Comment on "Relationship Between Preoperative Fasting Duration and Anxiety Levels With Postoperative Pain, Nausea-Vomiting, and Sleep Quality in Orthopedic Surgical Patients".
Title: Higher sleep quality predicts lower risk of depressive symptoms: A prospective analysis from the English longitudinal study of ageing.
Title: Study Smarter, Sleep Better: Learning Approaches as Predictors of Sleep Quality Among Medical Students.
Title: Associations Between Nutritional Status, Sleep Quality, and Clinical Factors in Patients With Metastatic Prostate Cancer.
Title: How sleep quality and depressive symptoms shape safety behavior in rotating-shift nurses: Insights from mediation and network analyses.
Title: Mindfulness-based self-compassion and vagal nerve stimulation impact on heart rate variability, psychological resilience, and sleep quality in earthquake survivors.
Title: Relationship between heart rate variation and sleep quality and depression in patients with acute myocardial infarction after PCI.
Title: Perceived family functioning mediates the relationship between sleep quality and depressive symptoms among institutionalized older adults: a cross-sectional study in China.
Title: The impact of social participation on activities of daily living in older adults with knee osteoarthritis: the chain mediating effects of sleep quality and multidimensional frailty.
Title: Pet ownership, pet-related characteristics, and sleep quality among older adults in China: a nationwide cross-sectional study.
Title: Response to: 'Comment on: 'Association between visual impairment and sleep quality: A cross-sectional, comparative study of severity, eye conditions, and risk factors".
Title: Effects of the Buteyko breathing technique on sleep quality, fatigue, and oxygen saturation in patients with acute coronary syndrome: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Magnesium supplements, sleep quality, and nocturnal leg cramps: a combination of cross-sectional and prospective studies.
Title: The synergistic effects of diet and physical activity on sleep quality among Chinese adolescents: A comprehensive cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations between cochlear electrophysiology, emotional health, and sleep quality in adults with tinnitus: a comprehensive analysis.
Title: Summary of the best evidence that cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia improves sleep quality in patients with chronic insomnia.
Title: Intolerance of uncertainty and sleep quality among palliative caregivers.
Title: Impact of Sleep Quality on Work Functioning Among Critical Care Nurses at an Academic Tertiary Hospital.
Title: Exploring how physical activity influences life satisfaction in dual-shift workers, with a focus on the roles of sleep quality, subjective well-being, and the sleep environment.
Title: Association between the hemoglobin-to-red cell distribution width ratio and poor sleep quality in US adults.
Title: Beyond a Global Score: Psychometric Reappraisal of the Arabic Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index Revealing a Multidimensional Structure in Undergraduate Students.
Title: Effects of Perioperative Transcutaneous Electrical Acupoint Stimulation on Sleep Quality after General Anaesthesia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: The Effect of Preoperative Sleep Quality on Postoperative Delirium in Middle-Aged and Elderly Patients: A Clinical Setting.
Title: Assessment of sleep quality and its relationship with stress and anxiety, and attitudes toward sleep among adults in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Title: The relationship between intake of dietary omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids and sleep quality in older adults with diabetes: A hospital-based analysis.
Title: Adult attachment, sleep hygiene and sleep quality: a cross-sectional mediation analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Suicide Ideation among Adolescents: Mediating Role of Rumination and Depressive Symptoms.
Title: Associations of Dietary Patterns and Physical Activity with Sleep Quality and Metabolic Health Markers in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea: An Exploratory Pilot Study.
Title: Sleepless Longing: Bidirectional Associations Between Sleep Quality and Prolonged Grief in Daily Life After Traumatic Loss.
Title: Impacts of heat on sleep quality among heat-exposed workers: a systematic review.
Title: Effect of mobile phone addiction on sleep quality in patients aged 18-45 years with acute myocardial infarction: a chain mediation analysis of coping style, anxiety, and depression.
Title: The influence of smartphone addiction on sleep quality among college students: The parallel mediating roles of perceived stress and health-promoting lifestyle.
Title: Perinatal stressors and sleep quality in adolescents: a Brazilian birth cohort study.
Title: Steam-assisted respiratory muscle training may improve sleep quality in mild-to-moderate obstructive sleep apnea: a pilot polysomnography study.
Title: The Effect of 4-7-8 Breathing Exercise Technique on Tinnitus Handicap, Psychological Factors, and Sleep Quality in Tinnitus Patients: A Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: Resilience to ghosting? A randomized controlled trial examining the consequences of ghosting on sleep quality in potential romantic relationships.
Title: Performance of a two-item sleep quality measure (PSQI-2): a comprehensive evaluation in a multiethnic cohort (MESA Study).
Title: Gut microbiota, sleep quality, and cognitive function in adults: A systematic review.
Title: Global Sleep Quality among Multiracial College Students in the United States: A Brief Report of Concurrent Associations with General and Multiracial Discrimination and Negative Affect.
Title: Reciprocal relationships between sleep quality, mental health and the quality of life in elite athletes: A pilot study.
Title: Evening smartphone exposure impairs sleep quality and next-day performance in elite soccer players: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Dietary diversity and its associations with sleep quality and chronotype in young and middle-aged adults.
Title: Association between trajectories of sleep quality and postpartum depression: a group-based trajectory model and computer-simulated network analysis.
Title: Daily Predictors of Psychotic-Like Experiences in Older Adults: The Role of Sleep Quality, Negative Emotions, and Cognitive Failures.
Title: Associations of perioperative depression with sleep quality and physical activity levels in patients undergoing elective cardiac surgery: A prospective observational study.
Title: Impact of increased educational screen exposure on adolescent overweight and the mediating role of physical activity and sleep quality: a natural experiment study from China.
Title: Silent Nights, Restless Lungs: Sleep Quality and Associated Factors Among COPD Patients in Vietnam - A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Screen time, sleep quality and mental health among adolescents of secondary schools in Dharan.
Title: Joint Associations of Physical Activity and Sleep Quality With Cognitive Function Among Older Adults in China.
Title: The mediating role of psychological distress in the effect of positive psychological intervention on sleep quality among cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Emotional exhaustion predicts poor sleep quality among orthopedic nurses: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Multimorbidity and Cognitive Function in Community-Dwelling Older Adults in Shanghai: The Mediating Role of Sleep Quality.
Title: Exploring the sleep quality-creativity relationship: a moderated mediation analysis of positive emotions and psychological capital.
Title: Prevalence and factors associated with poor sleep quality among nursing undergraduates in Sri Lanka.
Title: Trajectories of Objective Sleep Quality and Their Association With Neurological Functional Recovery After Stroke: A Prospective Longitudinal Study.
Title: Determinants and interrelations of exercise effects on sleep quality: A multimethod meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep, Awake, or Combined Sleep/Awake Bruxism Against Temporomandibular Joint and/or Temporal Pain, Depression, Anxiety, Stress, and Sleep Quality: The Brigada Militar Study.
Title: Faster and Superior Functional Recovery and Sleep Quality with Steroid Injection Versus Physical Therapy for Partial-Thickness Supraspinatus Tendon Rupture.
Title: Effectiveness of melatonin supplementation for improving sleep quality and disease severity in children with atopic dermatitis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Investigating the Combined Effect of Artificial Light at Night and Noise on Sleep Quality of High School Students.
Title: The effectiveness of nursing interventions on fatigue and sleep quality in hospitalized cancer patients: the role of foot massage and bed bath.
Title: Telemonitored sleep quality and daily activity are associated with mental health outcomes among Japanese workers.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors in people with schizophrenia in Northwest Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality and disturbance during the COVID-19 pandemic among people with HIV globally: associations with social determinants of health.
Title: Investigation of consistency in sleep quality evaluation using a Fitbit device compared to a structured questionnaire among breastfeeding mothers in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Title: Effect of electronic nicotine delivery systems for smoking cessation on sleep quality: secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Health-promoting lifestyle as a predictor of well-being in Honduran university students: a structural equation modeling approach with mental health and sleep quality as mediators.
Title: Sleep quality improvement after switching from levodopa/carbidopa intestinal gel to continuous subcutaneous foslevodopa/foscarbidopa infusion in advanced Parkinson's disease: a case report.
Title: Improved sleep quality is independently associated with decision-making recovery in panic disorder: a longitudinal study.
Title: Comparison of the Anxiety, Stress, Sleep Quality, Occupational Pattern and Leisure Satisfaction of Pregnant Women in Different Trimesters: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of combined GABA and L-theanine supplementation on sleep quality: an exploratory study.
Title: Sleep quality, not sleep apnoea, is associated with post-stroke fatigue in acute ischemic stroke: a cross-sectional Norwegian study (NORFAST).
Title: Prevalence of post-stroke poor sleep quality: a meta-analysis of Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index results.
Title: Association of bedroom particulate matter, sleep quality and next-day physical performance.
Title: Progressive muscle relaxation technique improves sleep quality and mental health: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: The impact of paediatric periodic limb movement disorder and obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome on sleep quality and daytime symptoms.
Title: Association between dietary phytochemical index, inflammation and oxidative stress with sleep duration and sleep quality in Iranian adults.
Title: Commentary: Joint effect of sleep duration and sleep quality on self-rated health among Canadian adults: estimating relative excess risk due to interaction from a nationwide survey.
Title: Spontaneous spike-and-wave discharges during sleep in mice: circadian distribution and impact on sleep quality.
Title: Improving Sleep Quality and Quantity in Hospitalized Patients With Melatonin: A Quality Improvement Project at HCA (Hospital Corporation of America) Oak Hill Hospital.
Title: Impact of horticulture therapy on sleep quality in geriatrics.
Title: Association between sleep quality and disease activity in inflammatory bowel disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Restless leg syndrome in people living with HIV: Prevalence, clinical predictors and the impact on sleep quality and psychological distress.
Title: Beyond counting sheep: social and behavioral determinants of adolescent sleep quality in the Czech Republic.
Title: Erratum to "Exploring relationships between sleep quality and clinical depression in the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging" [Sleep Med. 138 (2026) 108692].
Title: The effect of benson relaxation technique on sleep quality and negative emotion in maintenance hemodialysis patients.
Title: Multivariate genetic architecture of poor sleep quality.
Title: Interconnected associations of occupational burnout, anxiety, and sleep quality in oilfield workers.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality, fatigue, and depressive symptoms in maintenance hemodialysis patients: a cross-lagged analysis.
Title: Sleep quality, mental health, lifestyle factors, and academic performance among medical students in three Syrian Universities: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Trajectories of perinatal sleep quality from early pregnancy to six weeks postpartum and their risk factors: A multicenter longitudinal study in China.
Title: Impact of physical exercise on sleep quality in college students: A Chain mediating role of self-efficacy and emotional control.
Title: Discrimination and sleep difficulties among first-year students: Mediation by daily sleep quality.
Title: An Integrative Analysis of Behavioral, Psychological, and Smartphone Use Factors Associated With Sleep Quality: A Cross-Sectional Study of Saudi Undergraduate Students.
Title: Effects of brisk walking and Tai Chi interventions on sleep quality in university students with insomnia.
Title: Correlation of ocular surface function with sleep quality, anxiety, and depression in patients with dry eye disease.
Title: Type-specific effects of orofacial pain on sleep quality: a cross-sectional clinical study.
Title: Associations between sleep quality and assisted reproductive technology outcomes: a meta-analysis.
Title: Prefrontal activation and inhibitory performance in the association between anxiety and sleep quality: An fNIRS investigation.
Title: Correlation between work stress and sleep quality in clinical nurses: The mediating effect of psychological resilience.
Title: Sleep Quality Assessment Among Patients Underwent Idiopathic Scoliosis Surgery.
Title: Identifying influencing factors associated with sleep quality in undergraduates based on partial least squares regression and XGBoost.
Title: Association between sleep quality and psychological wellbeing in 175 elite adult athletes: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The effects of magnesium L-threonate (Magtein
Title: Depression mediates motor dysfunction's effect on sleep quality in ALS: a mediation analysis study.
Title: Effect of Heat-Killed 
Title: Sleep Matters for Intimacy: Impact of Sleep Quality and Psychosocial Context on Female Sexual Function During Pregnancy.
Title: Sleep Quality as a Predictor of Coronary Artery Disease Severity in Geriatric Acute Coronary Syndrome.
Title: Social Media Use and Sleep Quality in Adolescents and Young Adults: A Scoping Review of Reviews.
Title: Sleep Quality in Shift-Working Nurses: Subjective and Objective Evaluation.
Title: Resilience as a Moderator of the Effects of Workplace Bullying on Psychological Distress and Sleep Quality Among Information Technology Professionals.
Title: Investigation of the Sleep Quality of Children Ages 4 to 6 Yr With Cerebral Palsy and Cerebral Visual Impairment and Their Caregivers' Sleep Quality and Levels of Depression and Anxiety.
Title: Latent profile analysis of impulsivity in adolescents and the relationship with sleep quality: A multicenter cross-sectional study in western China.
Title: Rotating Night Shifts and Physical Well-Being in Nurses: Cross-Sectional Associations Consistent with a Sleep Quality Pathway.
Title: Patients Undergoing Cervical Spine Surgery Achieve Improved Sleep Quality Over Time.
Title: Associations of sleep quality, nutrition, community participation, cognitive function, depressive symptoms, and fall risk in older adults with dynapenic abdominal obesity: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Thermal comfort and influence due to sleep quality in university male hostellers: A case study of warm and humid Jalpaiguri.
Title: The Effect of White Noise on Sleep Quality, Comfort, and Satisfaction in Patients Undergoing Lumbar Disk Herniation Surgery: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Investigating the link between trait procrastination and college students' sleep quality: the mediating role of self-efficacy and executive function.
Title: Maternal well-being in the postpartum period: The mediating role of breastfeeding self-efficacy, sleep quality, and husband's support.
Title: Putting Theory into Practice by Developing a Novel Digital Health Technology-Derived Endpoint in Sleep Quality.
Title: Automated measurement of pineal gland calcification volumes and sleep quality in adults living in costal Ecuador.
Title: The effects of sports nutrition diet, physical activity and sleep quality on health behavior in primary and secondary school students: A cross-sectional study based on the COM-B model.
Title: Oral Frailty and Physical Frailty Associated With Sleep Quality in Community-Dwelling Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Effect of Automated Insulin Delivery Systems on Sleep Quality and Quantity in Type 1 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Exploring the interplay between stress level, sleep quality, and body composition among university students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Impact of sleep quality and physical activity on hypertension in adults: Findings from rural eastern India.
Title: Impact of perceived fatigue on sleep quality among critical care nurses in a selected hospital.
Title: Optimal types and doses of exercise for improving sleep quality in perinatal women: a systematic review and network meta-analysis based on randomized controlled trials.
Title: Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and Biofeedback for Chronic Headache: Effects on Pain Catastrophizing, Sleep Quality, and Disability.
Title: The impact of mind-body and aerobic exercises on subjective and objective sleep quality in middle-aged and older adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Sleep quality and psychological distress among Bangladeshi medical students: Prevalence, predictors, and sex-institutional differences.
Title: The independent association and interactive effect of nutritional deficiency and poor sleep quality on cognitive decline in older adults.
Title: Bedtime electronic device use and sleep quality in Chinese young adults: a longitudinal study.
Title: The multidimensional effects of sleep quality in young adults: the relationship between auditory performance, sound tolerance, and anxiety.
Title: Restless legs syndrome and sleep quality in patients with multiple sclerosis: A moderated mediation model of anxiety, fatigue, and disease duration.
Title: Efficacy of transcutaneous auricular vagal nerve stimulation on sleep quality in construction workers with insomnia.
Title: High prevalence of depression, anxiety, and stress among students in Croatia after the COVID-19 pandemic: A possible association with sleep quality and physical activity.
Title: Associations Between Different Sources of Carbohydrates and Added Sugars Intake With Subjective Sleep Quality in Chinese Patients Undergoing Hemodialysis.
Title: The Effect of Progressive Muscle Relaxation Exercises on Fatigue Severity and Sleep Quality Among Emergency Nurses: A Self-Controlled Quasi-Experimental Study.
Title: Effects of Buspirone Combined with Mindfulness-Based Cognitive Therapy on Emotional Improvement, Sleep Quality, and Serum Cortisol Level in Patients with Generalized Anxiety Disorder.
Title: Analysis of influencing factors of sleep quality in severe trauma patients without continuous sedation.
Title: Effects of Pilates and Yoga on Pain Intensity, Absenteeism, Quality of Life, and Sleep Quality among Primary Dysmenorrhea School Students.
Title: The impact of entertainment screen time on sleep quality in Chinese and British adolescents: a moderated mediation model.
Title: The association between Children's sleep quality and juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Title: Influence of Anxiety/Depressive Levels, Sleep Quality and Pain Catastrophizing on Conditioned Pain Modulation: A Case-Control Study of Women with Chronic/Episodic Migraine and Pain-Free Women.
Title: Does sleep quality mediate the association of depressive symptoms with pain and disability in older adults with low back pain? A longitudinal population-based study.
Title: Lifestyle, sleep quality, and cognitive function in resistant hypertension: One-year follow-up from the TRIUMPH trial.
Title: Assessment of Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Sleep Quality in Childhood Interstitial Lung Disease: A Single-Center Experience.
Title: Association of work-time control with sleep quality and sleep duration in South Korea.
Title: Longitudinal predictive analysis of sleep quality changes and subsequent depressive symptoms in older Chinese Adults​.
Title: Sleep disorders in RA, axSpA and PsA are common despite good disease activity control-direct comparison of sleep quality and its risk factors using MDHAQ and PSQI.
Title: Sleep quality and impact factors in older adults with epilepsy.
Title: Sleep quality and related risk factors among college students in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Evaluation of acupuncture on pain intensity and sleep quality in patients with neuropathic pain following spinal cord injury.
Title: Cross-cultural adaptation and psychometric evaluation of Pittsburgh sleep quality index Bangla (PSQI-BN) in Bangladeshi population.
Title: The relationship between nutritional status and sleep quality in Parkinson's disease: a single tertiary center study.
Title: Subjective social isolation and associated factors in older people with mild cognitive impairment: The role of sleep quality, fear of dementia, and health empowerment.
Title: Strengthening the evidence linking preoperative sleep quality to postpartum outcomes: commentary and future directions for the research by Hirai et al.
Title: Risk-resource profiles among Chinese adolescents and their longitudinal associations with sleep quality.
Title: Association between mental health and sleep quality among Forcibly Displaced Rohingya pregnant women living in Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh: a cross-sectional observation.
Title: Indirect Associations of Perceived Stress and Sleep Quality in the Relationship Between Andropause Symptoms and Quality of Life Among Middle-Aged Men: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Postural Control, Sleep Quality, and Body Composition in Patients With Ménière's Disease: A Cross-sectional Study Using Dynamic Posturography.
Title: Association of Sleep Quality With Arterial Stiffness Measures in a Community-Based Sample.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality of Hospitalized Patients in Intensive Care Units With Myocardial Infarction: A Mixed Method Study.
Title: Effects of cognitive behavioral therapy on sleep quality and insomnia severity index in women with menopausal insomnia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Coupling of within-person changes in sleep quality and subjective cognition in community-dwelling adults.
Title: Factor analysis on the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index and the Chalder Fatigue Scale sample of critical care nurses in Saudi Arabia.
Title: Effects of chamomile and -theanine beverage on menstrual pain, menstrual symptoms, mood, and sleep quality in young women experiencing primary dysmenorrhea: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Title: Lung computed tomography (CT) imaging findings of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients with impaired sleep quality.
Title: Multivariate associations of motor performance, sleep quality, depressive symptoms, and grey matter volume in younger and mid-to-older adults.
Title: Sex-Specific Interrelationship Between Sleep Quality and Daytime Sleepiness in Predicting Injury Occurrence in Physically Active University Students.
Title: Sleep Quality and Cardiopulmonary Responses During Exercise Testing: Exploring the Chronotropic and Ventilatory Response Relationship with Sleep Quality in Healthy Young Men: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Magnesium and Zinc Are Associated with Sleep Quality in Saudi Adults: Evidence from a Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sex Moderates the Mediating Effect of Physical Activity in the Relationship Between Dietary Habits and Sleep Quality in University Students.
Title: Heat-Treated 
Title: Effect of aromatic stimulation on CPAP adherence and sleep quality in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: a pilot study.
Title: Depressive symptoms among kidney transplant recipients: Modeling stress-related pathways involving chronotype, perceived stress, rumination, and sleep quality.
Title: Identifying Key Factors Contributing to Poor Sleep Quality in Caregivers of Persons Living With Dementia.
Title: Orexin Receptor Antagonism Improves Sleep Quality and Mitigates Lipopolysaccharide-Induced Inflammatory Responses in a Mouse Model.
Title: The effect of sleep hygiene education on sleep quality and blood pressure in patients with essential hypertension in a family practice center: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: The Impact of Environmental Stressors on Sleep Quality and Patient Experience in the Intensive Care Unit.
Title: Daily stress and adolescent emotional well-being: Protective roles of sport experience and sleep quality.
Title: Impact of Family-Centred Care Combined With Psychological Intervention on Sleep Quality and Psychological Status in Children With Bronchopneumonia: A Controlled Trial.
Title: Preoperative sleep quality predicts postoperative morbidity in elderly gastric cancer patients undergoing radical gastrectomy: integration with nutritional and sarcopenia assessment.
Title: Methanogen Methanosphaera stadtmanae in Women Intestine. Influence on Free Radical Oxidation and Sleep Quality in Menopause.
Title: [Impact of Anhui medical college students' childhood abuse experiences on depression and anxiety symptoms: The mediating role of mobile phone dependence and sleep quality].
Title: How exercise adherence affects emotion regulation in Chinese college students: The chain mediating effect of sleep quality and self-efficacy.
Title: Perioperative Mindfulness Training Does Not Improve Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Total Knee Arthroplasty.
Title: Sagittal Skeletal Malocclusions and Sleep Quality in Children Without Orofacial Dysfunction.
Title: Effects of lavender essential oil inhalation on sleep quality and fatigue in patients with chronic heart failure: a randomised controlled trial.
Title: Sleep Quality, Patterns, and Their Impact on Cardiovascular Disease Risk: A Cross-sectional Study Among Omani Adults Attending Primary Healthcare in Muscat.
Title: Night Shift Work and Poor Sleep Quality Among Female Workers in Southern Brazil: A Repeated Cross-Sectional Study (2017-2022).
Title: Self-compassion's impact on perceived stress and perseverative thinking as it relates to sleep quality among college students.
Title: Sleep quality and its determinants among family caregivers of patients with cancer in oncologic centers of Northwest Ethiopia: A multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Video gaming linked to unhealthy diet, poor sleep quality and lower physical activity levels in Australian university students.
Title: Personalized Machine Learning Intervention to Improve Sleep Quality Using Wearable Technology in Healthy Middle-Aged Adults From Mexico City: Protocol for a Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Associations between sleep quality, fatigue, social isolation, and depressive symptoms in patients with heart failure: A parallel mediation analysis.
Title: Association of dexmedetomidine use during combined spinal-epidural anesthesia with postoperative sleep quality and anxiety in cesarean section: a prospective cohort study.
Title: Effects of Remimazolam-Propofol Anesthesia on Recovery and Sleep Quality in Older Adult Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Colorectal Cancer Surgery: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: A Randomized, Triple-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Parallel Clinical Trial Investigating Safety and Efficacy of Corn Leaf Extract on Sleep Quality in a Healthy Population With Difficulty Falling or Staying Asleep.
Title: Dietary B-complex vitamins and sleep quality in relation to cognitive impairment among older adults: non-linear associations and evidence of additive interaction.
Title: The effects of Qigong exercise on sleep quality in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The paradox of sleep quality and training load in deaf handball players? An investigation of weekly changes and relationships.
Title: Factors Influencing Sleep Quality in Postoperative Urological Patients and its Correlation with Ward Noise Exposure Levels.
Title: Effects of Ward Noise on Sleep Quality and Emotional State in Older Patients with Proximal Humerus Fractures: A Retrospective Study.
Title: Influence of Ward Noise on Emotional State and Sleep Quality in Patients with Ventilator-induced Diaphragmatic Dysfunction.
Title: Effect of White Noise Therapy Combined with Cognitive Behavioural Therapy on Clinical Symptoms, Psychological Stress and Sleep Quality in Depressed Patients.
Title: Daytime napping, perceived stress, and sleep quality in university students: Insights from a cluster analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality in Patients with Tinnitus.
Title: Unraveling the Factors Shaping Sleep Quality among Postmenopausal Women in Indonesia.
Title: Analysis of the interactive effects between sleep quality, trait mindfulness, vigor, and five types of negative emotions using EBICglasso network analysis.
Title: Effects of aerobic exercise interventions on cognitive function, sleep quality, and quality of life in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Sedentary Behavior Worsens the Adverse Impact of E-cigarettes Smoking on Sleep Quality.
Title: Association of Sleep Quality and Psychosocial Adjustment in Dialysis Patients.
Title: Association of Sociodemographic Factors with Sleep Quality in Patients on Dialysis.
Title: The impact of cell phone use after light out on sleep quality, headache, tiredness, and distractibility among high school students: Cross sectional study.
Title: Varying doses of evening caffeine ingestion have different effects on rowing ergometer performance, sleep quality, and wakefulness scores.
Title: The Impact of Sleep Quality and Sleep Duration on Dietary Disorder: A Cross-Sectional Study in Xiamen, China.
Title: Subjective sleep quality predict clinical pain severity more strongly than polysomnographic parameters: Machine learning findings from a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effects of inflammatory markers and sleep quality in stroke patients by reducing residential PM
Title: Impact of different anesthesia subspecialties on anxiety levels and sleep quality among anesthesiologists: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Exploring the mediating role of meaning in life and psychological resilience in the relationship between physical exercise and sleep quality among Chinese secondary school students.
Title: Dietary Supplement Interventions and Sleep Quality Improvement: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Determinants Among Patients with Metastatic Cancer Treated with Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors: A Two-Center Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Latent profile analysis and influencing factors of sleep quality in community perimenopausal women: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Mental health issues and their association with sleep quality among women of reproductive age in Noakhali, Bangladesh.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Association with Quality of Life and Mortality in Hemodialysis Patients.
Title: Associations of Mentally Active and Passive Sedentary Behavior with Sleep Quality and Duration in Pregnant Women of Advanced Versus Younger Maternal Age.
Title: Discrepancies in Subjective Sleep Quality Between Home and Hospital Settings: Insights of Hypnotic Agents Use with Post-Polysomnography Questionnaire.
Title: Impact of caffeine consumption on headache severity, sleep quality, and psychiatric symptoms in patients with idiopathic intracranial hypertension: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Self-reported poor sleep quality on the day of delivery is a potential risk factor for postpartum depression after cesarean delivery: a retrospective cohort study.
Title: Development and validation of a risk prediction model for poor sleep quality among senior high school students in China.
Title: The effects of Omega-3 supplementation on stress, anxiety, depression, sleep quality, and everyday memory in individuals with psychological distress: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Title: Environmental Carbon Dioxide and Temperature Effects on Sleep Quality During Space Analogs.
Title: Impact of irregular sleep patterns on mental health and sleep quality assessed by home-based EEG monitoring.
Title: Corrigendum to Virtual Group Medical Visits to Decrease Stress and Increase Sleep Quality in a Rural Community: A Quality Improvement Project.
Title: Dietary management improves sleep quality in patients with metabolic syndrome: the mediating roles of metabolic, inflammatory, and oxidative stress changes.
Title: Effects of risk factor-based targeted nursing intervention on psychological status, sleep quality, and pain in patients with trigeminal neuralgia.
Title: Longitudinal assessment of health-related quality of life, sleep quality, and gustation in patients with advanced urothelial carcinoma receiving late-line enfortumab vedotin monotherapy.
Title: [Effects of Shugan Jieyu capsules combined with Zolpidem on sleep quality and daytime cognitive function in insomnia with depressive symptoms patients].
Title: Examining the Associations Between Objectively Measured Sleep Quality and Multidimensional Mental Health in Older Adults.
Title: Sleep quality and possible sarcopenia in community-dwelling older adults: physical and mental fatigability as mediators.
Title: When assessing sleep performance in dialysis patients, objective measures of sleep quality should be preferred to the PSQL.
Title: Associations of left ventricular hypertrophy and poor sleep quality with haemodynamic and cardiometabolic risk factors in adults with hypertension: a cross-sectional study from Pakistan.
Title: Effect of qigong on sleep quality and hyperarousal in patients with chronic insomnia: a study protocol for a multi-centre randomised controlled trial.
Title: Associations of the triglyceride-glucose index and its combined indices with non-suicidal self-injury in adolescents with depressive disorders: the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: Association of sleep quality and glycemic variability among South Indian rural patients with Type-2 diabetes mellitus.
Title: Subjective Sleep Quality in Patients With Bradyarrhythmia and Its Changes After Cardiac Pacemaker Implantation.
Title: [Analysis of sleep quality and its influencing factors in the population of South China].
Title: Age-Specific Associations Between eHealth Literacy and Sleep Quality Among Adults: Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of Resistance Exercise on Quality of Life, Anxiety, Depression, Sleep Quality and Inflammatory Parameters in Patients with Colorectal Cancer Undergoing Active Treatment: A Pilot Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Letter to the Editor Regarding "Effect of Propofol on Postoperative Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Elective Cesarean Section with Spinal Anesthesia: A Retrospective Cohort Study Using Propensity Score Matching at a Single Center" [Response to Letter].
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Determinants Among Patients With Chronic Diseases in Ethiopia: A Systematic Review With Meta-Analysis.
Title: Frailty is associated with low physical activity and poor sleep quality in patients undergoing myeloablative allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation: a Fitbit® pilot study.
Title: Cool baby oil for pruritus and sleep quality among uremic patients: a nurse-led randomized controlled trial.
Title: The role of FoMO and nomophobia in explaining the relationship between doomscrolling and poor sleep quality.
Title: Reciprocal relationship among perceived sleep quality, smartphone overdependence, and depression in Korean adolescents: a cross-lagged analysis using national big data.
Title: Change in apnea hypopnea index and sleep quality following treatment in acromegaly.
Title: Sex-specific changes and age-specific trends in sleep quality and sleep apnea: Analysis of one-million nights of sleep.
Title: Analytical evaluation of the impact of formaldehyde exposure on general health and sleep quality: the moderating role of physical activity.
Title: Clock gene influences on sleep quality and HPA axis in major depressive disorder.
Title: Sleep Compensation on Work-Free days Is Associated with Better Sleep Quality.
Title: Association Between Dietary Magnesium Intake and Sleep Quality in Saudi University Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Traditional Chinese Medicine Constitution and Cognitive Frailty in Older Adults: Prediction Models and Sleep-Quality Mediation Pathway from a Multicenter Study in China.
Title: Case Report: Nutrition profile, body mass, sleep quality, and acute mountain sickness symptoms during altitude training in a Paralympic record-breaking athlete and his two guides.
Title: Sleep hygiene and sleep quality among yoga and naturopathy medical students in India: a multisite cross-sectional study.
Title: The effect of breathing exercises on adults' sleep quality: an intervention that works.
Title: Early childhood sleep quality in a pediatric cohort: sex-specific differences.
Title: Novel active-feedback device improves sleep quality in insomnia disorder: a randomized placebo-controlled trial.
Title: Investigating the impact of sleep quality on cognitive functions among students in Tokyo, Japan, and London, UK.
Title: Regular caffeine consumption & subjective sleep quality: A systematic review.
Title: Associations of sleep quality and fall risk among older adult outpatients at Thai Binh Medical University Hospital, Northern Vietnam.
Title: Association between adverse childhood experiences and depressive symptoms in college students: A chain mediation model of Big Five personality traits and sleep quality.
Title: Changes in sleep quality during the 12 months following medical cannabis initiation.
Title: Sleep quality and incidence of diabetes in 0.5 million Chinese adults.
Title: Effect of diary intervention on sleep quality and risk of stress disorders among critically ill children in pediatric intensive care units and on their parents' anxiety level: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effects of Aquatic Physiotherapy on Pain and Sleep Quality in Women With Fibromyalgia: A Pre-Post Study.
Title: Time Spent on Social Media Applications in Relation to Depressive Symptoms During Emerging Adulthood and the Mediating Role of Sleep Quality: Cross-Sectional Observational Study.
Title: Comparing self-reported sleep quality and wearable-derived sleep metrics in middle-aged and older adults with chronic pain: a psychometric study.
Title: Emotional intelligence and burnout in youth athletes: the mediating roles of sleep quality, fatigue, and delayed onset muscle soreness.
Title: Prevalence and correlates of night eating syndrome among Chinese nurses: focus on depression and sleep quality.
Title: Relationship between occupational stress and sleep quality among emergency nurses.
Title: Associations of self-reported sleep quality and duration with dietary eating behaviours: a cross-sectional study of 27,263 UK adults.
Title: Body Composition and Sleep Quality as Determinants of Combat Fitness in Army Personnel: Independent Contributions and Moderating Effects.
Title: Links between perceived discrimination, stigma consciousness, and sleep quality: The mediating role of negative affect.
Title: Effects of Subanesthetic Esketamine on Postoperative Sleep Quality Through EEG Analysis in Breast Cancer Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: The mediating role of rumination and psychological resilience between physical activity and sleep quality among college students.
Title: Associations between residential greenness, depressive symptoms, and sleep quality among college students in China.
Title: Impact of a WeChat Mini Program-Based Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia on Sleep Quality and Cognitive Function in Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment and Insomnia: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Deviation From Optimal Physical Activity Duration Worsens Depressive Symptoms Through High Sleep Reactivity and Poor Sleep Quality in Adult Volunteers From the Community.
Title: Association Between Self-Reported Sleep Quality and Conversion From Mild Cognitive Impairment to Dementia: A Retrospective Cohort Study Using the English Longitudinal Study of Ageing.
Title: Effect of a Spiritual Care Program on Treatment Adherence and Sleep Quality in Hemodialysis Patients: A Cluster-Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Sleep quality, restless legs syndrome and daytime sleepiness in adults with 5q-spinal muscular atrophy.
Title: The REST (randomised evaluation of sleeping with a toy or comfort item) trial: a protocol for an online, randomised trial of comfort item use on sleep quality in children.
Title: The Sleep Connection: Exploring the Role of Composite Dietary Antioxidant Index in Sleep Quality Based on NHANES 2007-2014.
Title: The Interplay Between Evening Latency and Sleep-Disturbing Diet on Sleep Quality Among Adults.
Title: Effect of exercise intervention on quality of life, sleep quality, and BMI in patients with ovarian cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Associations Among Chronotype, Sleep Quality, and Neurocognitive Function in Shift-Working Nurses During Consecutive Morning Shifts: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of medications on sleep quality, insomnia, and circadian rhythm in adults with ADHD: A pragmatic longitudinal study.
Title: An Investigation of Sleep Quality, Stress, and Healthy Eating Status Among Shift-Working Firefighters: A Descriptive Cross Sectional Study.
Title: Association between sleep quality and perceived stress among people living with HIV in China: a moderated mediation model.
Title: The effects of aromatherapy on anxiety and sleep quality in maternal women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Effect of self-acupressure on fatigue and sleep quality in patients with multiple sclerosis: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Laser acupuncture improves post-dialysis fatigue and sleep quality independent of time-varying dialysis and depression symptoms: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
Title: Sleep Quality and Mental Health in Students at a Jungle University in Peru: A Cross-sectional Study During COVID-19 Pandemic Confinement.
Title: Preoperative sleep quality and anxiety as predictors of postoperative pain and recovery in Gynecologic oncology surgery: A prospective observational study.
Title: Consideration on 'Exploring the link between dietary inflammatory index, inflammatory biomarkers, and sleep quality in adults with obesity: a pilot investigation'.
Title: Sleep quality in Spanish adults: an age- and sex-stratified cross-sectional study.
Title: Effects of Melatonin Supplementation on Sleep Quality in Patients with Advanced Glaucoma: A Randomized, Double-Masked, Placebo-Controlled Crossover Trial.
Title: Factors Affecting Sleep Quality Among Pregnant Women: A Propensity Score-Matched Analysis.
Title: Electronic cigarette use linked to poor sleep quality: a cross-sectional nationwide population-based study in Korea.
Title: Association between seizure severity and quality of life in focal epilepsy: the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: Sleep Disorders in Psoriasis and the Effect of Treatment on Sleep Quality: A Prospective Study in a Resource Poor Setting.
Title: The effects of moderate to high intensity badminton exercise on sleep quality in children with autism.
Title: Comment on "Prevalence and determinants of poor sleep quality among patients with diabetes mellitus": addressing confounding and sampling limitations.
Title: Comment on: "Prevalence and determinants of poor sleep quality among patients of diabetes mellitus: a tertiary hospital-based cross-sectional study".
Title: Latent Profile Analysis of Occupational Stress and Psychological Capital and the Dual Mechanisms of Psychological Capital in Healthcare Workers' Sleep Quality.
Title: The association between animal‑based and plant‑based protein intake with sleep quality, mood, anxiety, depression and stress among elderly: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Restless nights, demanding days: assessment of the prevalence and associated factors of poor sleep quality among medical students in Mogadishu, Somalia.
Title: Exploring relationships between sleep quality and clinical depression in the Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging.
Title: Poor sleep quality and daytime sleepiness in medical students: role of late bedtimes.
Title: Effect of Vibration, Electrical Stimulation and Other Non-Pharmacological Interventions on Restless Leg Syndrome Severity and Sleep Quality: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Can sacubitril/valsartan enhance sleep quality and reduce daytime dysfunction in HFrEF patients?
Title: Assessing infant sleep quality and arousals: comparison of wearable data with parent perspectives.
Title: Association between serum trimethylamine N-oxide levels and sleep quality in mid-pregnancy women in Guangzhou: The mediating role of hematological inflammatory markers.
Title: Association of sarcopenia and frailty with sleep quality trajectories in middle-aged and older Chinese adults: findings from a nationally representative cohort study.
Title: Should Sleep Quality Improve in Patients Receiving Yoga for Other Conditions?
Title: Evaluation of sleep quality in patients diagnosed with bipolar disorder and major depression during remission period.
Title: Correlation analysis between sleep quality and depressive symptoms among rural elderly in China: An observational study.
Title: The impact of an eight-week online physical activity intervention on sleep quality in early pregnancy: A pilot study using objective measurement.
Title: How depression affects school social adaptation: the mediating role of sleep quality and the buffering effect of physical activity.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Depressive Symptoms in Adults Aged 80 Years and Above Living in Rural Türkiye: A Community-Based Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Correlation of Sleep Duration and Sleep Quality With Coronary Atherosclerotic Plaque Vulnerability: An Optical Coherence Tomography Study.
Title: Effects of electroacupuncture on the incidence of postoperative supraventricular arrhythmia and sleep quality in patients undergoing thoracoscopic surgery: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Nutritional Interventions for Enhancing Sleep Quality: The Role of Diet and Key Nutrients in Regulating Sleep Patterns and Disorders.
Title: Academic stress and online learning engagement in medical students: the parallel mediating roles of sleep quality and positive academic emotions.
Title: Prevalence of poor sleep quality and associated factors among women in Ethiopia: systematic review and meta -analysis.
Title: Exploring the relationship between sleep quality, anxiety, depression and frailty in older adults with stroke: a latent profile and mediation analysis.
Title: Effects of botulinum toxin type A on sleep quality in patients with awake and sleep bruxism: a prospective study.
Title: Impact of an Overload Period on Heart Rate Variability, Sleep Quality, Motivation, and Performance in High-level Swimmers: Use of Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) to Assess Training Load Variations.
Title: The Effect of Warm Foot Bath on Sleep Quality and Comfort Level of the Elderly: Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: Sleep disturbances and sleep quality among individuals diagnosed with osteoarthritis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Letter to the Editor Regarding "Effect of Propofol on Postoperative Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Elective Cesarean Section with Spinal Anesthesia: A Retrospective Cohort Study Using Propensity Score Matching at a Single Center" [Letter].
Title: Sleep duration impact on sleep quality, mood, and fitness in elite athletes with a natural menstrual cycle or hormonal contraceptive use.
Title: The effects of mindfulness training on emotion and sleep quality in patients with colorectal cancer.
Title: Relationship between Circadian Rhythms and Subjective Sleep Quality in Shift Workers.
Title: Depression diagnosis based on Deep Learning Using Time-series Sleep Quality Data.
Title: The Associations Between Depression, Subjective Sleep Quality, and Health-Related Quality of Life in Patients with Meige Syndrome: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Exercise as a modulator of gut microbiota for improvement of sleep quality: a narrative review.
Title: Sleep Quality and Premature Ovarian Insufficiency: Genetic Evidence and Clinical Benefits of NTZF Combined with HRT.
Title: Prevalence of Poor Sleep Quality and Associated Factors Among Nurses in Southeast Iran: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Examination of the sleep quality status of patients who underwent cranial surgery in terms of perceived stress, socio-demographic, and clinical characteristics.
Title: Effectiveness of light intervention on daytime sleepiness, fatigue, and sleep quality among female shift-working nurses - A randomized control trail.
Title: Sleep quality and predicting factors among patients undergoing hemodialysis: A descriptive cross sectional study.
Title: The relationship between depressive symptoms and adverse life events in southern Xinjiang adolescents: The mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: Longitudinal changes in sleep quality in male patients with alcohol dependence receiving far-infrared ray therapy: associations with alterations in circulating pro-inflammatory cytokines.
Title: A study of the relationship between physical fitness index and sleep quality in Chinese adolescents.
Title: Ambient air pollution, sleep quality, and cerebral hemorrhage risk in older adults: development and validation of the Anhui environmental exposure questionnaire in a 460 participant cohort study.
Title: Physical Disability and Its Global Impact on Quality of Life, Activities of Daily Living, and Sleep Quality: A Narrative Review.
Title: Patterns of pre-sleep music use and sleep quality: exploratory survey findings on state anxiety.
Title: Association between visual impairment and sleep quality: A cross-sectional, comparative study of severity, eye conditions, and risk factors.
Title: The interplay of coffee consumption, plant-based diets on sleep quality and emotional well-being in physically active adults.
Title: Effect of flywheel resistance training on sleep quality in older women: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Spinal pain as a public health concern: associations with health anxiety, life satisfaction, sleep quality, and well-being in young adults.
Title: Optimal exercise type and dose to improve sleep quality in older adults: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Investigating the relationship between sleep quality and parental bonding patterns with aggression among adolescents in the City of Bushehr.
Title: Chronotype in alpha-tACS: Preliminary evidence hints at sleep quality modulation of aftereffects in evening types in the morning.
Title: Psychological states mediate the relationship between sleep quality and frailty among older adults.
Title: The relationship between sexual orientation-related stigma and sleep quality in gay men: a moderated mediation model.
Title: The structural association between community environment and health vulnerability with the mediation role of sleep quality and social values among middle-aged and elderly adults in China: nationwide cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations of sleep duration and sleep quality with lifestyle inflammation score in a nationwide Korean survey.
Title: Loneliness and self-reported executive functions in Chinese adolescents: the mediating role of subjective sleep quality.
Title: The Association of Unhealthy Eating Behaviors with Sleep Quality Outcomes Among University Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Association of Apathy with Poor Sleep Quality in Patients with Early Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Associations Between Chronotype and Pain, Sleep Quality, Depression, and Quality of Life in Patients with Tension-Type Headache.
Title: The Relationship Between Premenstrual Dysphoric Symptoms, Perceived Stress, and Sleep Quality Among Nursing Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of Barefoot Walking on Menopausal Symptoms, Sleep Quality, Stress, and Quality of Life in Middle-Aged Women Experiencing Menopausal Symptoms.
Title: Relationships Between Sleep Quality, Anxiety and Depression in University Students: Stable Trends over Time and a Pronounced Concern for Sleep Initiation.
Title: Sleep quality and its relation to anthropometric and metabolic factors in overweight/obese patients with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a case-control study.
Title: Association between adherence to Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet with sleep quality, sleep duration, inflammation, and oxidative stress among Iranian adults.
Title: Prevalence of poor sleep quality among critical care unit nurses: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Response to Comment on "Caffeine and Sports Performance: The Conflict between Caffeine Intake to Enhance Performance and Avoiding Caffeine to Ensure Sleep Quality".
Title: Comment on "Caffeine and Sports Performance: The Conflict Between Caffeine Intake to Enhance Performance and Avoiding Caffeine to Ensure Sleep Quality".
Title: Exploring the links between sleep quality and stroke risk in older adults.
Title: Associations of adverse childhood experiences and depressive symptoms among children and adolescents: the mediating effect of resilience and sleep quality.
Title: The role of in-hospital traumatic distress after out-of-hospital cardiac arrest in later fatigue, sleep quality, and health-related quality of life.
Title: Exercise: The key to enhancing sleep quality and physical function in Parkinson's disease? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Factors related to sleep quality in the adult population of Shahroud; Comparison of adjusted distributional and multivariable logistic regression analysis.
Title: Association between mild cognitive impairment and sleep quality in patients with chronic heart failure: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Evaluation of happiness levels and sleep quality of women practicing yoga: A pre-test post-test study.
Title: Efficacy of MiniMed™ 780G® on glucose management, sleep quality, and psychological aspects in persons with type 1 diabetes treated with MiniMed™ 770G®: A 3-month prospective single-center observational study.
Title: Evaluating sleep quality and daytime sleepiness in nursing students: psychometric validation of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index and the Epworth Sleepiness Scale.
Title: Sleep Quality Impacts Training Responses and Performance in Elite Swimmers.
Title: Associations Between Both Smartphone Addiction and Objectively Measured Smartphone Use and Sleep Quality and Duration Among University Students: Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Relationships between pain, physical activity and sleep quality among older adults with radiographic knee osteoarthritis: findings from the Hertfordshire Cohort Study.
Title: Nocturnal change in body temperature, sleep quality in middle-aged women.
Title: [Analysis of the association between moderate-to-vigorous-physical activity and obesity, poor sleep quality and multimorbidity in 7- to 8-year-old children in Shanghai City].
Title: When the Lights Go Out: Studying Sex Differences in Sleep Latency, Sleep Quality, and Social Behavior in Captive Rhesus Macaques (Macaca mulatta) Over a 24-h Period.
Title: Heterogeneity and stability of patterns of post-traumatic stress symptoms and sleep quality: evidence from one year longitudinal study.
Title: Associations of physical activity, sedentary time, sleep quality, and resting EEG with mild depressive symptoms in college students: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Oral Health Associated With Sleep Quality Among Korean Adults: A Nationwide Cross-Sectional Data.
Title: Impact of Social Media Use on Physical, Mental, Social, and Emotional Health, Sleep Quality, Body Image, and Mood: Evidence from 21 Countries-A Systematic Literature Review with Narrative Synthesis.
Title: Association of Prior COVID-19 Infection with Restorative Sleep Quality Using REST-Q Scores: Findings from the COPE Initiative.
Title: Psychometric properties of the two-item Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI-2) in a cohort of community-dwelling older men.
Title: Sleep quality in bipolar disorder: A comparative study of treatment with lithium and valproic acid.
Title: Unraveling the role of dysfunctional sleep beliefs: How chronotype shapes sleep quality and academic success in medical students.
Title: Patterns of Sleep Quality and Their Associations With Depressive and Anxiety Symptoms Among Chinese Coronary Heart Disease Patients: A Latent Class Analysis.
Title: The Role of Body Mass Index and Obesity Indicators in Sleep Quality Among Hypertensive Patients in Turkey.
Title: Sleep quality and sleep hygiene among medical undergraduates in Himachal Pradesh (North India): A questionnaire-based study.
Title: Association of sleep quality with asthma control and asthma quality of life.
Title: Sleep Quality in Heart Failure Patients: A Systematic Review of Risk Factors and Assessment Tools.
Title: Effect of Sleep Quality on Heart Rate Variability in Medical Students: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: [Using Multiple Strategies to Improve Sleep Quality in Patients With Liver Transplant After Surgery].
Title: [Effects of Administering Essential Oil Blends on Depressive Mood and Sleep Quality in Elderly Residents With Dementia in Long-Term Care Facilities].
Title: The association between chronic back problems and poor sleep quality among Ontarian adults aged 60 years and older: A cross-sectional study analyzing the Canadian Community Health Survey 2015-2016.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among critical care nurses in Jordan: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The 12 weeks of regular exercise improves sleep quality and mood states in elderly with cognitive impairment.
Title: Sleep quality as a modifier of plasma phosphorylated tau 217 and glial fibrillary acidic protein associations with cognitive function.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and cognitive performance in a sample of Colombian adults.
Title: The Association Between Sleep Quality and Arrhythmia Symptoms in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation in a Tertiary Center.
Title: Prevalence of Smartphone Addiction and Its Association With Sleep Quality Among Medical Undergraduates: A Cross-Sectional Study From Eastern India.
Title: Association Between Depression, Anxiety, and Stress and Sleep Quality Among University Students from Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Acceptance and Tinnitus Handicap in Chronic Tinnitus: Associations With Sleep Quality and Depression-A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Investigating the Relationships Among Nurses' Stress, Sleep Quality, and Mental Health, and the Mediating Role of Coping Strategies and Social Support: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effectiveness of sleep hygiene measures on sleep quality of adolescents with mental health disorders.
Title: Associations Among Noise Sensitivity, Insomnia, and Sleep Quality in Earthquake Survivors Residing in Container Homes.
Title: Impact of Postoperative Noise Reduction on Anxiety, Depression, and Sleep Quality in Patients with Extensive Burns Undergoing Skin Grafting.
Title: Effects of Music Therapy on Perioperative Anxiety and Postoperative Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Surgery for Lumbar Disc Herniation.
Title: Effects of Ward Noise on Psychological Health and Sleep Quality during Recovery of Patients Who Underwent Surgery for Haemorrhagic Stroke.
Title: Wind Instrument Training and Sound-Based Interventions for Sleep Quality and Obstructive Sleep Apnoea: A Narrative Synthesis.
Title: The impact of sleep quality on body weight among young adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Predictors of sleep quality subscales among medical university employees in Iran: a Bayesian analysis of cross-sectional data.
Title: Depression severity and neuropsychiatric symptoms among nursing home residents with late-life depression: a moderated mediation model of sleep quality and resilience.
Title: Independent and joint associations of sleep quality and physical activity with glycaemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Title: Dietary Antioxidant Intake and Sleep Quality: Combined Effects on Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in NHANES 2005-2008 and Mendelian Randomization Analysis.
Title: Effect of Warm Foot Bath on Sleep Quality and Comfort Level of the Elderly: Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: Prevalence of poor sleep quality and its associated factors in patients with concurrent type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
Title: Improving Sleep Quality on the First Postoperative Night in the Intensive Care Unit: A Quality Improvement Initiative.
Title: Correction to: Mediating role of sleep quality in the relationship between smartphone addiction and academic performance among nursing students in Morocco: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The mediation effect of sleep quality on the association between ambient air pollution and type 2 diabetes among UK adults: a population-based cohort study.
Title: Improving Pain and Sleep Quality in Elderly Hip Fracture Patients with Collaborative Nursing and Intensive Sleep Care.
Title: Effects of Bariatric Surgery on Sleep Disorder Symptoms and Sleep Quality.
Title: Chronotype-specific changes in subjective sleep quality: Differential responses to the relaxation of social time pressure in Japan.
Title: Correction: Alarm fatigue and sleep quality in medical staff-A Polish-Czech-Slovak study on workplace ergonomics.
Title: Analysis of the correlation between physical activity level, sleep quality, and anxiety levels in middle-aged and older adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep Quality in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Title: Comprehensive Benefits of No-Lift Care in Older Adults With Dementia: Improvement in Contractures, Sleep Quality, and Psychosocial Function.
Title: Effects of physical activity dose on cognitive ability in Chinese adolescent students: parallel mediating roles of sleep quality and smartphone addiction.
Title: Sleep Quality, Circadian Rhythm Stability and Changes in Delirium State in Predicting Mortality Risk in Intensive Care Unit Patients: A Prospective Observational Study.
Title: Effect of Light Exposure Before Bedtime on Polysomnography and Sleep Quality: A Randomized Crossover Study.
Title: Effects of vestibular rehabilitation program on balance, dizziness severity, sleep quality and quality of life in patients with vestibular migraine.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality Is Associated With an Increased Risk of Running-Related Injuries: A Prospective Study of 339 Runners Over Six Months.
Title: The relationship between smartphone addiction and sleep quality in patients with epilepsy in the digital age.
Title: Effect of Transcutaneous Electrical Acupoint Stimulation on Sleep Quality and Menopausal Symptoms in Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Hyperarousal and Sleep Quality Following Trauma-Focused Treatment: A Causal Inference Analysis.
Title: Social Media Addiction and Sleep Quality Among High School Graduates in Bangladesh: A Network Perspective.
Title: Psychosocial stressors, sleep quality, and hair cortisol concentrations among pregnant women.
Title: A cross-sectional multifactorial analysis of chrononutrition, sleep quality and sleep patterns among healthcare shift workers.
Title: Birth order and its effects on childhood sleep quality: a large epidemiological study.
Title: Exploring suicidal ideation and its correlates among Italian adolescents: the role of sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality after caesarean delivery: associated factors and effects on quality of life and early breastfeeding.
Title: Use of Digital Biomarkers from Sensing Technologies to Explore the Relationship Between Daytime Activity Levels and Sleep Quality in Nursing Home Residents with Dementia: A Proof-of-Concept Study.
Title: Sleep Quality and Professional Burnout in Clinical Nurses: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Family Dogs' Sleep Macrostructure Reflects Worsened Sleep Quality When Sleeping in the Absence of Their Owners: A Non-Invasive Polysomnography Study.
Title: Unraveling the Effects of 
Title: Sleep quality and body composition in active and inactive young adults.
Title: The associations between stress perception, psychological flexibility, and sleep quality among people with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional survey.
Title: Latent profiles and influencing factors of sleep quality in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Title: Oral health associates with frailty in Chinese older adults: a chain mediating model of sleep quality and depressive symptoms.
Title: Evaluating dietary habits of adults and their relationship with sleep quality in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Title: Analyzing the effect of physical activity on sleep quality in college students using the chain mediation model.
Title: Association between obesity with physical activity, eating behavior, sleep quality, general health, and the incidence of hypertension among women: a study in rural and nomadic population of western, Iran.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and emotional resilience in breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy: a national cross-sectional study in Iraq.
Title: Distinct Sleep Quality Profiles and Their Varying Levels of Stigma Among Patients Undergoing Maintenance Hemodialysis: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: RETRACTION: Image Features of Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging in Evaluating Poor Emotion and Sleep Quality in Patients with Chronic Pain under Artificial Intelligence Algorithm.
Title: The impact of loneliness on sleep quality in college students: a chained mediation model involving perceived stress and expressive suppression.
Title: The Effect of Footbath on Premenstrual Syndrome, Sleep Quality, and Quality of Life in University Students with Premenstrual Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The interaction of physical activity and sleep quality with depression and anxiety in older adults.
Title: Effect of Propofol on Postoperative Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Elective Cesarean Section with Spinal Anesthesia:A Retrospective Cohort Study Using Propensity Score Matching at a Single Center.
Title: Changes in Sleep Quality and Treatment Outcomes in Patients with Musculoskeletal Pain Managed in Primary Care Physiotherapy.
Title: Platelet count and sleep quality in immune thrombocytopenia: correlation with 5-hydroxytryptamine and therapeutic implications of platelet-5-HT-melatonin axis dysregulation.
Title: Traditional Chinese medicine body constitution and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality during preparation for RAI: recombinant TSH vs. levothyroxine withdrawal.
Title: Parental psychological control and cyberbullying among adolescents: the mediating roles of sleep quality and moral disengagement and the moderating role of grade.
Title: Low-Dose Esketamine Plus Dexmedetomidine in Patient-Controlled Intravenous Analgesia Improves Post-Cesarean Sleep Quality: A Double-Blind Randomized Trial.
Title: Association between sleep quality and stroke risk stratification in middle-aged and older adults in China.
Title: Effect of pulmonary exacerbation on sleep quality and sleep parameters among adult people with cystic fibrosis.
Title: Effects of anaesthesia and surgery on sleep-wake timing and subjective sleep quality in children: a reply.
Title: Trajectories and predictors of sleep quality during and after the pandemic in five European populations.
Title: Association between sleep quality and seat belt use: a nationwide Korean study.
Title: Differential impact of timing of nocturnal hypoglycemia on subjective sleep quality in people with type 1 diabetes.
Title: The effects of intermittent fasting on sleep quality and cardiometabolic health outcomes in adults with overweight/obesity status: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Impact of Erenumab on Comorbid Depression, Anxiety, and Sleep Quality in Migraine: A Registry for Migraine (REFORM) Study.
Title: A Study of Sleep Quality and Associated Factors Amongst Type II Diabetes Mellitus Patients in a Rural Hospital in Goa.
Title: Association of Physical Activity with Sleep Quality in Indian Medical Students: A Mixed-Methods Study.
Title: The impact of 4-week high-intensity interval training on mental health and sleep quality in female college students with normal weight obesity: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: The effect of mindfulness-based stress reduction on anxiety and sleep quality in informal family caregivers of cancer patients: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Too tired to learn: insomnia, sleep quality, and sleep aid practices among Kasr Al Ainy medical students: a cross-sectional analysis.
Title: Association of alternative healthy eating index with sleep quality among female students.
Title: Sleep quality during pregnancy: the role of anxiety, fear of childbirth, and obstetric factors - a multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Intergenerational Relationships and Sleep Quality Among Empty Nesters in Urban and Rural China: The Mediating Role of Loneliness.
Title: Childhood emotion reactivity and regulation as predictors of sleep quality: A longitudinal study.
Title: Correlation analysis of anxiety, depression, and sleep quality in end-stage renal disease patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis.
Title: Wide-awake vs. regional anesthesia for carpal tunnel release: a prospective study on pain, grip strength, and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality and duration following the use and co-use of alcohol and cannabis in the daily life of community adults.
Title: Effect of music therapy on sleep quality in elderly: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The impact of emotional management ability on sleep quality of university students: chain mediation of physical exercise and electronic health literacy.
Title: Effects of sleep quality on the default mode network and on anxiety-depression symptoms in premenstrual syndrome.
Title: Conscientiousness personality is associated with increased thyroid nodule risk and sleep quality plays a masking role in this association.
Title: [Association of regularity of dinnertime and elapsed time from dinner to going to bed with subjective sleep quality among locally-living working-age men and women].
Title: Associations Between Sleep Quality, Anxiety, Depression, and Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease in a Tertiary Hospital Sleep Center: A Retrospective Study.
Title: Clarifying the role of metformin and statistical interpretation in sleep quality research among patients with diabetes.
Title: Mechanistic Insights from Neurophysiological  Studies of OM Chanting, Pranayama and Yoga  Nidra on Sleep Quality.
Title: Exploring nursing care needs and the role of sleep quality in women undergoing infertility treatment: implications for personalized nursing interventions.
Title: Improving Sleep Quality for Persons on Hemodialysis in Iraq.
Title: The Association of Sleep Quality, Sociodemographic, and Disease-Related Factors in Youth Living With Sickle Cell Disease.
Title: The effects of exercise interventions on sleep quality in patients with emotion-related insomnia (ERI)：A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Short- and long-term effects of inhaled lavender essential oil on anxiety, fatigue, blood pressure, and sleep quality in middle-aged adults with hypertension: A randomized placebo-controlled pilot study.
Title: Effect of Telerehabilitation Exercise Program on Sleep Quality and Fatigue in Individuals With Multiple Sclerosis.
Title: Prevalence of poor sleep quality before cesarean delivery and its association with postpartum quality of recovery and postpartum depressive symptoms: a prospective observational study.
Title: The effects of self-acupressure on fatigue and sleep quality in individuals diagnosed with epilepsy: a randomised controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality and aggressive behavior among Chinese adolescents: A longitudinal moderated mediation model.
Title: Sleep Quality and Cognitive Life Expectancy in the United States.
Title: The Effect of Implementing a Sleep Care Bundle on Sleep Quality and Delirium Among Critically Ill Patients: A Quasi-Experimental Study.
Title: Interaction between physical frailty and sleep quality on risk of migraine in later life: a cohort study of over 350,000 participants.
Title: Efficacy of auricular acupuncture on sleep quality among individuals with depression: a clinical trial.
Title: Relationship between musculoskeletal disorders, risk factors and sleep quality in healthcare workers.
Title: Sleep quality and levels of stress, anxiety, and depression in patients treated with homeopathy: a prospective study in the Brazilian public healthcare service.
Title: Nightmare distress: Mediating sleep quality and depressive symptoms in Chinese college students.
Title: Mediating impact of sleep quality and duration on the relationship between socio-economic conditions and pain.
Title: Circadian rhythm patterns and screen time in relation to sleep quality in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Title: Mediating effects of self-control and sleep quality on the association between social jetlag and mental health in adolescents.
Title: Impact of Coffee Intake on Sleep Quality Among Adults in the Jazan Region, Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep quality and mindfulness: mediating the relationship between neuroticism and subjective well-being in early adolescents.
Title: Association between sedentary behavior and sleep quality among urban white-collar workers with or at risk of metabolic syndrome: a secondary analysis of a randomized 3-month workplace lifestyle intervention trial.
Title: Sleep quality, obesity and the risk of multimorbidity among Australian middle-aged and older adults: Evidence from a national longitudinal household survey.
Title: Effect of sleep quality on alarm fatigue among emergency nurses.
Title: Impact of positive expiratory pressure buddy during exercise on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients' functional performance, lung function, and sleep quality: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality and stress as influences on college students' physical activity participation: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The effect of date seed powder supplementation on anxiety- and depression-like behaviours, sleep quality and tryptophan-kynurenine metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes: targeting gut-brain axis.
Title: Effect of Cervical Manual Therapy on Sleep Quality: A Scoping Review of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Sleep Quality, Pain, Worry, and Rumination in Fibromyalgia: Results from Mediation Analyses.
Title: A Study of Relationships Between Mental Well-Being, Sleep Quality, Eating Behavior, and BMI: A Cross-Sectional Study Among University Students.
Title: Impact of white noise on sleep quality across age groups and in critically ill/non-critically ill patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Biomarker-Sleep Correlations in PTSD: Glutamine, Glutathione, Caspase-1, and BDNF Levels Assessed Using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index Addendum.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Association Between Subclinical Depression and the Severity of Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms/Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia and the Mediating Effect of Sleep Quality in Elderly Chinese Men.
Title: The relationship between frailty and multimorbidity in Chinese older adults: the chain mediating effects of sleep quality and anxiety.
Title: Response to the Letter to the Editor: "Exploring the link between dietary inflammatory index, inflammatory biomarkers, and sleep quality in adults with obesity: a pilot investigation".
Title: The Impact of Sleep Quality on Skin Color.
Title: Seasonal Variations in Sleep Quality and Stability Among Patients with Chronic Insomnia: Real-World Evidence Across the 24 Solar Terms.
Title: Sleep quality, mental health, and cognitive function among older adults in Chinese communities: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effect of preoperative sleep quality on rapid postoperative recovery from non-traumatic rotator cuff injuries.
Title: The Effects of Sleep Treatment on Symptoms of ADHD, Sleep Quality, Fatigue, and Depressive Symptoms in Adults.
Title: Effects of resistance exercise combined with metformin on glycemic stability and sleep quality in elderly patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus with sleep disorders.
Title: "Evaluation of sleep quality after reverse shoulder arthroplasty in rotator cuff tear arthropathy patients".
Title: Relationship Between Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Sleep Quality in Pregnant Earthquake Survivors.
Title: Cross-Sectional Analysis of Sleep Quality and Vascular Health in Shift- and Day-Working Nurses.
Title: Self-Reported Insomnia and Poor Sleep Quality Are Associated with Self-Reported Cognitive Changes in Older Adults.
Title: Associations of Maternal Sleep Quality Trajectories During Pregnancy and Preterm Birth: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Title: The Effect of Foot Reflexology on Sleep Quality in Patients With Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia Under Chemotherapy: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep quality among pregnant women: a prospective longitudinal study of trajectories and bidirectional associations with physical activity.
Title: The Effects of Multimodal Exercise on Sleep Quality and Architecture, Motor Function, Cognition, Fatigue, and Systemic Inflammation in Corticobasal Syndrome: A Case Report.
Title: Effect of Nocturia and Sleep Quality on Sleep Blood Pressure: The HI-JAMP Study.
Title: Effects of Dexmedetomidine Nasal Sprays on Postoperative Sleep Quality in Patients Who Underwent Laparoscopic Gynaecological Surgery: A Single-Centre, Double-Blind, Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: The Effectiveness of a Mindfulness-Based Art Therapy Program on Sleep Quality among Urban Older Adults in Thailand: A Quasi-Experimental Study.
Title: Workplace Psychosocial Safety Climate and Sleep Health: Association With Sleep Quality and Insomnia Symptoms.
Title: Transcranial photobiomodulation improves sleep quality, reduces daytime sleepiness, and modulates delta power in chronic insomnia: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality and mental health among undergraduate freshmen in China: a moderated mediation model of health-promoting lifestyles and life history strategy.
Title: The effect of healthy life behaviors in pregnancy on pregnant sleep quality.
Title: Physical Activity, Sleep Quality, and Musculoskeletal Pain in University Students: A Comparison of Academic and Exam Periods.
Title: Longitudinal relationship between anxiety and sleep quality in community residents: the mediating effect of loneliness.
Title: Comparison of postpartum depression, anxiety, sleep quality and neonatal outcomes in mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes.
Title: Nutritional interventions and sleep quality in obese individuals: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials.
Title: Associations of Prenatal and Postpartum Dietary Inflammatory Potential with Postpartum Sleep Quality and Duration Among Pregnant Women with Overweight/Obesity.
Title: Mediating Effects of Illness Acceptance and Family Intimacy on Sleep Quality and Depression in Patients With Lumbar Disc Herniation.
Title: Effect of Executive Function on Depressive Symptoms in College Students: The Chain Mediating Role of Procrastination Behaviour and Sleep Quality.
Title: Effects of Electroencephalographic Biofeedback Therapy on Depression Level, Sleep Quality and Cognitive Function in Patients With Non-Demented Vascular Cognitive Impairment.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality, Mobile Phone Addiction, and Depressive Symptoms Among College Students: A Three-Wave Longitudinal Study.
Title: Impact of COVID-19 Lockdown on Screen Time and Sleep Quality Among Medical and Allied-Health Undergraduates in Chennai: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Food Insecurity was Associated With Poorer Sleep Quality and Increased Stress Among Dental Students at a HBCU and a Predominantly White School.
Title: Esketamine improves postoperative sleep quality in women undergoing gynecological laparoscopy: A prospective, randomized, double-blind, and controlled trial.
Title: Letter to the editor: Methodological comments to "Effect of aromatherapy massage with lavender essential oil on sleep quality, pain, and mental and psychiatric disorders among breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy: a randomized controlled trial".
Title: Effects of exercise interventions on subjective sleep quality in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies using the Pittsburgh sleep quality index.
Title: Exploring Causal Pathways to Sleep Quality in Young Adults Using a Multimodal Data-Driven Causal Discovery Analysis.
Title: Impact of oryzanol plus femoston on efficacy, sleep quality, and quality of life in perimenopausal syndrome patients.
Title: Association between anxiety and depression and sleep quality in benign laryngotracheal stenosis patients and analysis of risk factors.
Title: Incidence of Poor Sleep Quality and Its Predictors Among Adults With Upper Gastrointestinal Symptoms Visiting a Tertiary Care Hospital in Central India.
Title: The Consumption of Milk or Dairy Products and Sleep Quality: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Effect of Electroacupuncture Stimulation on the Efficacy and Sleep Quality and Psychological State of Patients with Neurogenic Bladder in Spinal Cord Injury.
Title: The mediating roles of social support and sleep quality in the relationship between depression and cognitive function among older adults living with HIV in China.
Title: The Relationship Between Cerebral Small Vessel Disease, Sleep Quality, and Cognitive Impairment Among Community-Dwelling Older Adults: Exploring the Role of Glymphatic Function.
Title: 
Title: Self-reported sleep variables, sleep quality, and quality of life assessment in transition to lemborexant in patients with Insomnia: the multicenter, open-label SOMNUS study.
Title: Effects of vision impairment on cognitive function: the bidirectional chain mediating role of sleep quality and psychological disorders.
Title: Association between ultra-processed food intake, night eating behavior, and sleep quality: a cross-sectional study from Türkiye.
Title: Role of desmopressin and enuresis alarm in improving sleep quality in children with primary monosymptomatic nocturnal enuresis: A multicentre prospective, randomised study in mainland China.
Title: Lifestyle Behaviors and their Impact on Sleep Quality and Health-Related Quality of Life Among First-Year University Students in Vietnam.
Title: Therapeutic back massage: A nonpharmacological approach to enhance sleep quality in orthopedic patients.
Title: [Latent classes and their associated factors of sleep quality among police officers in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region in 2021].
Title: [Relationship between physical activity and sleep quality in some university students of 6 provinces in 2022: The mediating role of perceived stress and the moderating role of gender].
Title: Sleep Quality and Sex-Specific Physical Activity Benefits Predict Mental Health in Romanian Medical Students: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
Title: The Psychosocial Burden of Breast Cancer: A Cross-Sectional Study of Associations Between Sleep Quality, Anxiety, and Depression in Turkish Women.
Title: Polysomnographic Evidence of Enhanced Sleep Quality with Adaptive Thermal Regulation.
Title: Psychometric Evaluation of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index in Korean Breast Cancer Survivors: A Confirmatory Factor Analysis.
Title: Isotemporal Associations of Patterns and Domains of Sedentary Behavior and Physical Activity with Sleep Quality in Pregnant Women in Saudi Arabia.
Title: Dietary phytochemical index and sleep quality: a cross-sectional study from Turkey.
Title: The effects of diaphragm release on sleep quality: a pilot feasibility study.
Title: Intergenerational Relationships and Sleep Quality Among Empty Nesters in Urban and Rural China: The Mediating Role of Loneliness.
Title: Sleep quality and influencing factors of patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Mediating role of sleep quality in the relationship between smartphone addiction and academic performance among nursing students in Morocco: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Exploring the relationship between health behavior and sleep quality: preliminary insights from ECG-derived sleep analysis.
Title: Association Between Social Ostracism and Sleep Quality in Adolescents: A Cross-Lagged Study.
Title: Sleep quality and air pollution: evidence from patients attending Family Health Centers in a Turkish metropolitan city.
Title: The relationship between pain catastrophizing and cognitive frailty in patients with lumbar disc herniation mediated by sleep quality: the regulatory effect of emotions- a retrospective study.
Title: Craving mediates the relationship between sleep quality and impaired control over drinking: A preliminary study.
Title: The Digital Dilemma: Patterns of Screen Time, Sleep Quality, and Mental Health Among Saudi University Students.
Title: A Cross-Sectional Study on the Relationship Between Urinary Enterolactone and Sleep Quality in American Obese Adults.
Title: Determining the relationship between sleep quality and reproductive health issues in fertile and infertile men and women: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Botulinum toxin therapy for neurological disorders: Serendipitous benefits on sleep quality and underlying mechanisms.
Title: Sleep quality and restless legs syndrome in children with ADHD and their mothers: A case-control study.
Title: Effect of Atogepant on Sleep Quality and Sleep-Related Adverse Events in Adult Patients with Migraine: A Prospective Observational 12-Week Study.
Title: Study on fatigue, sleep quality and PTSD symptoms and influencing factors among prevention and control workers during the COVID-19 outbreak in China.
Title: [The influence of effort-reward imbalance and sleep quality on depressive symptoms in train drivers].
Title: THE IMPACT OF BMAL1 GENE POLYMORPHISM ON SLEEP QUALITY IN HEALTHY CHINESE YOUTH: A GENDER-SPECIFIC ANALYSIS.
Title: Revisiting the psychophysiological pathways: A critical response to sleep quality and stress in isolated sleep paralysis.
Title: High prevalence of poor sleep quality and sleep deficit: A study in children, adolescents, and adult soccer players.
Title: Consequences of Screen Time on Sleep Quality in Children and Adolescents: A Scoping Review.
Title: The Relationship Between Post-earthquake Trauma Levels and Sleep Quality in University Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Efficacy of yoga nidra compared with sleep education on sleep quality among medical students at a tertiary healthcare centre in Rishikesh, Uttarakhand, India: protocol for a randomised controlled trial.
Title: Effects of different modes of exercise on sleep quality in adults with chronic low back pain: a randomised controlled trial.
Title: Circadian rhythm types and shift work demands shape sleep quality and depressive symptoms in shift-working nurses.
Title: Association of the interaction between nutritional status and frailty level with sleep quality in older adults.
Title: Effects of Continuous Care Combined with Dietary Care on Sleep Quality and Quality of Life in Patients with Breast Cancer Fatigue.
Title: Psychological Resilience and Sleep Quality Among the Elderly: The Mediating Role of Social Support.
Title: Comments on effect of aromatherapy massage with lavender essential oil on sleep quality, pain, and mental and psychiatric disorders among breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
Title: ASO Visual Abstract: Synergistic Effects of Psychological Resilience Training and Nutritional Support on Postoperative Recovery, Nutritional Reconstitution, Sleep Quality, and Long-term Survival in Gastric Cancer-A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The effect of a symptom management program developed based on story theory on vasomotor symptoms and sleep quality in postmenopausal women: a mixed methods study.
Title: The Relationship Between Sleep Quality, Fatigue, and Quality of Life in Women with Lipedema.
Title: Evaluating the psychosocial effects of cancer on sleep quality and mental health in elderly populations.
Title: Predictors of Sleep Quality in Older Persons Attending the Outpatient Clinics in a Tertiary Hospital in Nigeria.
Title: Sleep quality in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: The role of emotional health in Tunisia.
Title: Self-reported sleep quality and frailty in middle-aged people living with HIV in an African setting: a pilot study.
Title: The Effects of a CBT-I Based App-Program on Sleep Quality, Insomnia Severity, Psychological Strain and Quality of Life: A Pilot Study.
Title: Sleep quality moderated the mediating effect of BMI and waist circumference on the relationship between screen time and mental health in Chinese adolescents.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Academic Performance Among Undergraduate Medical Health Sciences Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Optimism, sleep quality, physical activity, and cancer-related cognitive impairment in middle-to-older aged patients undergoing breast cancer treatment.
Title: Sleep quality and response after rotator cuff repair, total shoulder arthroplasty, and reverse shoulder arthroplasty.
Title: The impact of biological rhythms and sleep quality on the link between depression and functionality in bipolar disorder.
Title: A Mixed-Methods Investigation of Sleep Quality and Hypertension Among Adults Attending an Outpatient Department in Thailand.
Title: Does Ultrafiltration Rate Influence Sleep Quality among Hemodialysis Patients?
Title: Perampanel effects on seizures and sleep quality in people with epilepsy: A prospective multicenter study.
Title: Effect of Pilates on sleep quality, eating disorders and occupational balance in pregnant women.
Title: Postpartum continuous epidural analgesia on pain, sleep quality, and emotional state in childbearing women: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Joint effect of sleep duration and sleep quality on self-rated health among Canadian adults: estimating relative excess risk due to interaction from a nationwide survey.
Title: Relationship of sleep quality, BMI, Dietary, and socioeconomic attributes among young adults: A systematic review.
Title: The association between heart rate variability and inflammatory markers in first-episode depressed patients with different sleep quality.
Title: Perceived economic inequality is linked to poorer sleep quality.
Title: Determinants of sleep quality among women living in informal settlements in Kenya.
Title: Pre-stroke subjective sleep quality predicts 1-year clinical outcomes in patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack: A national cohort study.
Title: Subjective Sleep Quality Audit in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit.
Title: Factors Associated with the Prevalence of Poor Sleep Quality Among Physicians Working in Primary Health Care Centers of the Ministry of Health in Al-Ahsa, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Glycemic Control Among Patients With Type 2 Diabetes.
Title: Physical activity and sleep quality among Chinese college students: the serial mediating roles of anxiety and depression.
Title: Association of male sleep quality with semen parameters and pregnancy outcomes in infertile couple.
Title: Associations between moderate-to-high physical activity levels and long COVID symptoms, heart rate recovery, cardiorespiratory fitness, sleep quality, and quality of life in patients with long COVID: a cross-sectional study.
Title: VER-01 Shows Enhanced Gastrointestinal Tolerability, Superior Pain Relief, and Improved Sleep Quality Compared to Opioids in Treating Chronic Low Back Pain: A Randomized Phase 3 Clinical Trial.
Title: Sleep quality, emotional moods, and cognitive outcomes among people living with HIV: An ecological momentary assessment study.
Title: Associations Between Screen Time, Sleep Quality, Diet Quality and Food Selectivity Among School-Aged Autistic Children.
Title: Sleep quality by clinical training status among medical students and its associated factors: a cross-sectional study in Da Nang, Vietnam.
Title: Evaluation of the relationship of carbohydrate quality with sleep quality and depression in type 2 diabetes patients.
Title: Analysis of the use of rosemary for cortisol levels and sleep quality among nursing professionals.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and psychological resilience of college students: the examination of insomnia as a mediator and attachment as a moderator.
Title: Association between nutritional status and sleep quality in older adults: an update.
Title: The effect of acupressure on polyneuropathy-related pain and sleep quality in patients with type 2 diabetes: A randomised controlled trial.
Title: Adaptation and validation of the Sleep Quality Scale among Saudi population (A-SQS).
Title: Actigraphy-based measures of sleep quality and duration are associated with maternal glycemia in mid-pregnancy.
Title: Exogenous Melatonin and Sleep Quality: A Scoping Review of Systematic Reviews.
Title: Survey on and analysis of the factors influencing the postoperative sleep quality of Chinese patients with oesophageal cancer.
Title: Associations between socio-demographic factors, social functioning, and sleep quality among GERD patients in Syria: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Mediterranean Diet Adherence and Sleep Quality Among Primary and Secondary School Teachers in Portugal: An Exploratory Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of LED Versus Fluorescent Task Lighting on Sleep Quality and Daytime Function in Windowless Office Environments.
Title: Longitudinal changes in sleep quality, and their predictors in patients with multiple sclerosis.
Title: Immediate improvement in anxiety and sleep quality with delayed depression response after bariatric surgery in a longitudinal cohort study.
Title: Impact of positive airway pressure for chronic hypercapnic respiratory failure on sleep quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Cognitive performance, sleep quality and physical activity as predictors of functional mobility in older adults.
Title: Influence of professional experience and work schedule on sleep quality.
Title: Sleep Quality of Children and Caregivers in Pediatric Palliative Care: A Single-Center Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Efficacy and safety of intraoperative esketamine for postoperative sleep quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs.
Title: Effects of exercise interventions on sleep quality in adolescents: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Pro-Inflammatory Dietary Patterns Are Associated With Dyslipidemia, Poor Body Composition, and Sleep Quality Among Healthcare Workers: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of aromatherapy on sleep quality in hospitalized cardiac patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Does Sleep Quality Affect IVF Outcomes?
Title: Effects of Somato® TOMATO Fruit Extract on Key Physiological and Psychological Domains Associated with Sleep Quality, Autonomic Function, and Health-Related Quality of Life: A Pilot Study.
Title: The Role of Poor Sleep Quality and Disrupted Social Bonds in Stress-Fueled Aggressive Behavior: A Mixed-Methods Analysis.
Title: Smartphone Addiction Among Medical Students and Its Implications on Sleep Quality and BMI: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality Assessment in Intensive Care Units: Comparing Actigraphy and the Richards Campbell Sleep Questionnaire-A Pilot Study in the Moroccan Context.
Title: Sleep Quality and Patient Activation in Chronic Disease: A Cross-Sectional Mediation Analysis.
Title: Predicting Sleep Quality Based on Metabolic, Body Composition, and Physical Fitness Variables in Aged People: Exploratory Analysis with a Conventional Machine Learning Model.
Title: Comparison of sleep quality in peritoneal dialysis and hemodialysis patients: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Supervised group walking and sleep quality in precision 24-hour depression care: Response to Tremblay et al.
Title: The role of sleep quality and stress in isolated sleep paralysis: Unraveling the multifactorial contributors to a common phenomenon.
Title: Interactive effects of body mass index and physical activity on sleep quality in nursing students.
Title: [Influence of non-pharmacological measures on the sleep quality of geriatric residents: a mixed-methods study].
Title: Prospective associations between sleep quality and sexual satisfaction in distressed breast cancer survivors: Secondary analysis from the Apps Reaching Cancer Survivors randomized trial.
Title: Gut metagenome and plasma metabolome profiles in older adults suggest pyruvate metabolism as a link between sleep quality and frailty.
Title: Anatomical indicators of sleep quality: insights from nasal and neck measurements.
Title: Sex Differences in the Association between Sleep Quality and Excess Weight: Exploring Lifestyle and Health-Related Mediators.
Title: Effect of Physical Exercise on Sleep Quality and Depressive Symptoms in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Duration Can Influence Junior Physicians' Performance in High-Level Assessments for Residency Programs.
Title: The Effect of Tart Cherry on Sleep Quality and Sleep Disorders: A Systematic Review.
Title: Listening to the sound of your own brain waves enhances sleep quality and quantity.
Title: Relationship between cortical activation and sleep quality in cerebral small vessel disease patients: a functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) study.
Title: Esketamine for postoperative analgesia after cesarean section: Effects on pain, mood, sleep quality, and safety.
Title: Relationship between traditional Chinese medicine body constitution and sleep quality among high-speed railway crew in Beijing, China: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Evaluation of quality of life, sleep quality, depression, and nutritional status in community living older adults using videoconference method.
Title: The impact of the emotional freedom technique on sleep quality and overall quality of life in postmenopausal women - A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Exploring the role of sleep quality and psychological stress in the prevalence of isolated sleep paralysis.
Title: Glymphatic System in Adolescents with Major Depressive Disorder: No Dysfunction and No Association with Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: Progressive muscle relaxation versus manual lymphatic drainage on restless leg syndrome and sleep quality in hemodialysis patients: Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Synergistic Effects of Psychological Resilience Training and Nutritional Support on Postoperative Recovery, Nutritional Reconstitution, Sleep Quality, and Long-Term Survival in Gastric Cancer: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Relationship between shift scheduling, sleep knowledge and sleep quality in medical trainees: protocol for a global cross-sectional survey.
Title: Advancing Humanisation in Perioperative Care: Critical Reflections on Non-Pharmacological Nursing Interventions for Postoperative Comfort: Commentary on: 'The Effect of Music and Eye Masks on Sleep Quality and Delirium in Abdominal Surgery Intensive Care Patients: Randomized Controlled Trial' by Topal and Sürme.
Title: The Effects of Nonpharmacological Interventions on Sleep Quality in Cardiac Surgical Patients: A Prospective Randomised Controlled Study.
Title: Correlation study of nutritional status, mental health, sleep quality, and prognosis in patients with acute myeloid leukemia: Construction of early warning combined with mindfulness awareness countermeasures.
Title: Effect of sleep quality on different aspects of executive function in older Iranians.
Title: Effects of 12 Weeks of Functional and Resistance Training on Anxiety Symptoms and Sleep Quality in Older Individuals.
Title: Association between anticholinergic burden and sleep quality in people living with HIV.
Title: Eat Well, Sleep Well: Exploring the Association Between Eating Behavior and Sleep Quality.
Title: How Important Are Dietary Habits Compared to Other Factors for Sleep Quality?-An Analysis Using Data from a Specific Region in Japan.
Title: Mediterranean Diet, Sleep Quality, Perceived Stress, and Physical Activity: A Pilot Study Among School Teachers.
Title: Central Sensitization Syndromes and Trauma: Mediating Role of Sleep Quality, Pain Catastrophizing, and Emotional Dysregulation Between Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and Pain.
Title: Factors Associated With Poor Sleep Quality in Patients With Early-Stage Chronic Kidney Disease: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of nighttime odor exposure and delivery methods on subjective sleep quality in healthy adults.
Title: Sleep quality and efficiency in adults with post-acute sequelae of COVID-19.
Title: Self-Reported Sleep Quality and Circadian Rest-Activity Patterns in Patients With Cardiac Implantable Electronic Devices.
Title: Early itch relief with ivarmacitinib improves quality of life, working productivity, and sleep quality in patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis: a post hoc analysis of a phase III trial.
Title: Effectiveness of cannabinoids on subjective sleep quality in people with and without insomnia or poor sleep: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised studies.
Title: Does a lifestyle-based intervention improve sleep quality in individuals with major depressive disorder? A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Factors associated with poor sleep quality in older Brazilians: a cross-sectional analysis of ELSI-BRAZIL.
Title: Impact of sleep quality on effectiveness of repositioning therapy for patients with posterior canal benign paroxysmal positional vertigo.
Title: Incompleteness of the circle of Willis affects sleep quality, cognitive function and inflammation in patients with primary hypertension.
Title: The Role of Perceived Sleep Quality in Mental and Cognitive Health: A Study of Older Korean Americans Living in Subsidized Senior Housing.
Title: Patterns of Caffeine Use in Adolescents and Their Association with Sleep Quality: A Latent Class Analysis.
Title: SGLT2 Inhibitors and Sleep Quality in Heart Failure: Implications for Patient-Centered Outcomes.
Title: The association between sleep quality and cognitive function in patients with non-functioning pituitary adenoma.
Title: Unveiling the Hierarchical Network of Sleep Quality Determinants: Linking Behavioral, Environmental, and Psychosocial Pathways.
Title: Effects of Aerobic Exercises at Different Intensities on Sleep Quality in Individuals with Depression: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Erratum: The Effects of Social Media Addiction, Academic Stress, and Sleep Quality on Anxiety Symptoms: A Cross-Sectional Study of Chinese Vocational Students [Corrigendum].
Title: Sleep Quality in Chronic Pain Patients With and Without Strong Opioid Use: An Observational Study Using a Wearable Device.
Title: The Effect of Group Spiritual Reminiscence on the Sleep Quality of Postmenopausal Women in Iran: A Clinical Trial Study.
Title: Evaluating the effect of cannabidiol on sleep quality in patients with multiple sclerosis using 15 aggregated N-of-1 trials: A study protocol.
Title: Association of cerebrospinal fluid FGF21 with sleep quality in Chinese adults.
Title: The effect of acupuncture treatment on sleep quality in post-stroke patients.
Title: Limited Efficacy of Pharmacological Interventions for Improving Postoperative Sleep Quality in Primary Total Joint Arthroplasty Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Poor sleep quality (PSQ) prevalence in patients with functional dyspepsia (FD): a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Impact of individualized nursing on postoperative sleep quality after cardiovascular interventions: A retrospective analysis.
Title: Benefits of blue light-filtering intraocular lenses for subjective sleep quality: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and nomophobia among medical students.
Title: The Mediating Effects of Sleep Quality and Fatigue on Post-Intensive Care Syndrome Among Intensive Care Unit Survivors.
Title: Sleep quality and the biological stress system during an internet-based intervention for major depressive disorder.
Title: Methodological and Statistical Concerns Regarding "Can Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter-2 Inhibitors Improve Sleep Quality, Anxiety, and Quality of Life in Patients With Heart Failure?".
Title: A meta-analysis study evaluating the effects of sleep quality on mental health among the adult population.
Title: Are they sleeping? A Canadian cross-sectional study exploring sleep quality among medical students: a study protocol.
Title: The effect of a nurse-led multicomponent intervention on sleep quality and delirium in orthopedic surgery patients: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: The impact of sleep quality on resting-state functional connectivity.
Title: Magnitude and level of association between poor sleep quality and common mental disorders among reproductive age women in Ethiopia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep quality mediates the association between tea consumption and duration of COVID-19-related symptoms in middle-aged and elderly adults (aged 50 and above).
Title: Cervical flexion posture during smartphone use was not a risk factor for neck pain, but low sleep quality and insufficient levels of physical activity were. A longitudinal investigation.
Title: Psychological resilience as a mediator between sleep quality and mental well-being in patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
Title: Evaluation of Depth of Anesthesia Sleep Quality in Swine Undergoing Hernia Repair: Effects of Romifidine/Ketamine-Diazepam Protocols with and Without Tramadol and the Potential Role of Serotonin as a Biomarker.
Title: Psychopathological Symptomatology and Sleep Quality in Chronic Primary Musculoskeletal Pain: A Comparison with Healthy Controls.
Title: Relationship of Melatonin Levels in Blood and Urine with Sleep Quality in Children Admitted to Pediatric Intensive Care Unit.
Title: Impact of Poor Sleep Quality on Task Switching and Reconfiguration Process Among University Students.
Title: Influence of digital behavior and sleep quality on periodontal status in adolescents: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality among university students in Lebanon during war conflicts: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Diurnal variation in neurovascular coupling and the impact of sleep quality: a UK Biobank study.
Title: The mediating effect of bedtime procrastination between sleep quality and pregnancy-related anxiety.
Title: Enhanced sleep quality and reduced indoxyl sulfate levels following probiotic supplementation were linked to gut microbiota modulation in hemodialysis patients.
Title: Effort-reward imbalance, subjective sleep quality, and inflammation in female nurses at a tertiary hospital: a pilot study.
Title: A New Ashwagandha Formulation (Zenroot™) Alleviates Stress and Anxiety Symptoms While Improving Mood and Sleep Quality: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Study.
Title: Effects of anaesthesia and surgery on sleep-wake timing and subjective sleep quality in children: an observational study.
Title: Occupational Stress and Sleep Quality Among Hungarian Nurses in the Post-COVID Era: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Association between mixed exposure to multiple metal elements and cognitive decline in older adults: The moderating role of sleep quality.
Title: Sleep Quality Moderates the Impact of Place-Based Social Adversity on Physical Health in Women with Breast Cancer Transitioning from Active Treatment to Survivorship.
Title: Burnout syndrome and sleep quality in nurses.
Title: Excessive day time sleepiness, poor sleep quality, and their association to caffeine consumption among young Informational Technology professionals.
Title: Environmental phenol mixture during pregnancy and child sleep quality in the ECHO cohort.
Title: Repercussions of sleep quality on the P300 auditory evoked potential in older adults.
Title: Joint association of sleep quality and physical activity with hypertension: a cross-sectional population study in agricultural workers.
Title: Impact of Excessive Screen Time on Sleep Quality and Sleep Disturbances Among Young Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Are Individuals With Poor Sleep Quality More Aggressive Among Adolescents? The Relationship Between Poor Sleep Quality and Aggressive Behavior: The Mediating Roles of Family Cohesion and Affect.
Title: Association between self-reported sleep quality and body mass index among Jimma University academic staff: structural equation modeling.
Title: Dietary acid load and its association with psychological disorders, sleep quality, and mood among Iranian older adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Roles and features of smart control and sensing applications for sleep quality improvement: a scoping review.
Title: Gender Differences in the Relationship Between Fatigue, Different Types of Physical Activity, Postural Changes, and Sleep Quality in University Students-Part II Analyses from a Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Reply to Comment on "Associations between sleep quality, excessive daytime sleepiness, and theta wave activity during resting-state electroencephalography in maintenance hemodialysis patients" by Dr. Sanapala K, Mehta R, and Sah R (https://doi.org/10.1007/s11255-025-04659-z).
Title: Associations Between Sleep Duration, Sleep Quality, and Depressive Symptoms: Evidence from Medical Graduate Students in China.
Title: Genetic association between sleep quality, insomnia, and psychological distress: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Comparative assessment of sleep quality in glaucoma and cataract patients: the need for developing appropriate treatment methods for chronodisruption.
Title: Methodological concerns regarding "Between sleep and wakefulness: How sleep quality and stress affect isolated sleep paralysis - A cross-sectional survey".
Title: Sleep quality and its correlates in people with epilepsy: A multicenter cross-sectional study in Germany.
Title: Reflections on the mirror: associations among body image rumination, sleep quality, and self-reported physical health.
Title: Physical Activity and Adolescent Depression: The Moderating Effects of Self-Esteem, Sleep Quality and Social Support in Mental Health Interventions.
Title: Depressive symptoms and mild behavioral impairment among patients with late-life depression in nursing homes: the mediating and moderating effects of sleep quality and social support.
Title: Effect of a home-based videoconferencing exercise training program on circadian rhythms and sleep quality in healthy older adults.
Title: Personality Traits, Burnout, Workplace Bullying and Sleep Quality Among Midwives: A Pilot Study.
Title: Violet light could improve sleep quality and blood glucose levels in healthy individuals: A pilot study.
Title: Choroid plexus volume and its association with cognitive performance across the lifespan: Links to sleep quality and healthy brain aging.
Title: The Level of Psychological Distress Is Associated With Circadian Rhythm, Sleep Quality, and Inflammatory Markers in Adolescent and Young Adults With Gynecological Cancer.
Title: Evaluation of sleep disturbances in pediatric cancer patients and sleep quality in their caregivers.
Title: A chain mediation model for physical exercise and sleep quality.
Title: Determinants of sleep quality in burn patients: The role of pain, psychological factors, and environmental factors.
Title: Effects of Tai Chi and resistance exercise on sleep quality in Japanese community-dwelling older adults with chronic pain.
Title: Exploring the link between internet addiction and sleep quality and the implications of this relationship: a systematic review.
Title: Effects of lavender essential oil inhalation aromatherapy on postoperative sleep quality in patients with intracranial tumors: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effect of Acupressure on Pain and Sleep Quality of Patients with Cancer after Undergoing Surgery Admitted to the Intensive Care Unit: A Single-blind Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Characterization of insomnia and sleep quality in a cohort with cluster headache.
Title: The potential role of sleep quality in the relationship between glymphatic function and migraine frequency: Insights from a cross-sectional study.
Title: Natural Tooth Count and Sleep Quality in Older Adults: The Mediating Effect of Temporomandibular Joint Pain.
Title: Long-Term Effects of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction on Sleep Quality in Family Caregivers of People With Alzheimer's Disease: The Mediating Role of Anxiety.
Title: Sleep Hygiene, Sleep Quality, and Psychological Stress Among Adults With Cardiovascular Risk.
Title: To explore the relationship between physical activity and sleep quality of college students based on the mediating effect of stress and subjective well-being.
Title: Interaction of daytime and nighttime light exposure on objective sleep quality in patients with bipolar disorder: a cross-sectional analysis of the APPLE cohort.
Title: Effects of aromatherapy on sleep quality in patients: Protocol for an umbrella review.
Title: Response to Commentary 'The Effect of Music and Eye Masks on Sleep Quality and Delirium in Abdominal Surgery Intensive Care Patients: Randomized Controlled Trial'.
Title: The impact of sleep quality on asthma incidence in middle-aged and older adults: evidence from a prospective cohort study.
Title: Evaluation of serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor, IL-6, IL-10, and TNF-a cognitive function, and sleep quality in elderly patients with major depressive disorder and somatic symptoms.
Title: Dual-Site Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Combined With Exercising Improves Fatigue and Sleep Quality in People With Fibromyalgia: A Randomized Sham-Controlled Clinical Trial.
Title: Authors' Reply "Recurrent Aphthous Stomatitis and Sleep Quality Factors: A Comprehensive Analysis".
Title: Comment on "Recurrent Aphthous Stomatitis and Sleep Quality Factors: A Comprehensive Analysis".
Title: Sleep hygiene practices and its impact on sleep quality and mood.
Title: Polysomnographic evaluation of sleep quality and quantitative variables in patients of hypothyroidism.
Title: Effect of Home-based Mobile Guided Pranayam and Yog Nidra Meditation on Blood Pressure and Sleep Quality of Elderly Hypertensive Individuals: A Randomised Controlled Trial.
Title: Survey of perceived sleep quality and nursing implications in 172 adult ICU patients.
Title: Quality of relationship, depression, and sleep quality in patients with chronic heart failure and their spouse: an Actor-Partner Interdependence Model.
Title: Age-related and sex-specific trends in sleep quality in children and adolescents.
Title: The impact of healthy community environment and sleep quality on the physical health of older adults: evidence from CGSS2021.
Title: Network relationships among depressive symptoms, sleep quality, and frailty in Chinese older adults: an undirected and bayesian network analysis.
Title: Association between temperature rise from climate normal and sleep quality.
Title: Association between before-bedtime hot-tub bathing and sleep quality in real-life settings among community-dwelling older adults.
Title: Exploring the Association Between Sleep Quality and Menstrual Abnormalities in Adolescents.
Title: Implicit Identification with Death and Adolescent Self-Injurious Thoughts and Behaviors: Sleep Quality as a Moderator.
Title: Heart rate variability, quality of life, and sleep quality in patients with epilepsy.
Title: Mediating factors in the relationship between smartphone addiction and sleep quality: depression, stress, and anxiety.
Title: The Association of Sleep Quality With Anorexia in Patients With Heart Failure: Do Anxiety and Depressive Symptoms Mediate This Association.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Temporomandibular Disorders (TMD) Symptoms Among Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep quality among clinical postgraduate students: a cross-sectional study in Kerala, India.
Title: The Effect of Digital Addiction Training on University Students' Digital Addiction, Sleep Quality, and Orexin-A Levels: Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Comparison of Subjective and Objective Sleep Quality in Patients With Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome.
Title: Construction and Validation of a Machine Learning-Based Risk Prediction Model for Sleep Quality in Patients with OSA [Response to Letter].
Title: Daily walnut consumption increases 6-sulfatoxymelatonin urinary levels and can improve sleep quality: a randomized crossover trial.
Title: The effect of warm saltwater and warm water baths on pain, fatigue, sleep quality, and functional capacity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a randomized controlled study
Title: Fear of future workplace violence and sleep quality in Chinese clinical nurses: the mediating role of anxiety and depression.
Title: Prevalence and determinants of poor sleep quality among patients of diabetes mellitus: a tertiary hospital-based cross-sectional study.
Title: The Effect of Foot Reflexology Massage on Fatigue and Sleep Quality in Hemodialysis Patients.
Title: Impact of different perioperative dexmedetomidine administration regimens on postoperative sleep quality in gastrointestinal tumor resection: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Impact of resistance training on sleep quality, mental health, and functional capacity in older women with varying baseline sleep quality: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: The interplay of dyadic adjustment, sleep quality, and CPAP adherence in OSAS: A cross-sectional study on illness perceptions and depressive symptoms.
Title: Sleep quality patterns in patients with heart failure: a person-centred latent class analysis from a secondary analysis of the MOTIVATE-HF trial.
Title: The Role of Mental Detachment in the Management of Mental Fatigue in High Level Ice Hockey Players: The Mediating Role of Sleep Quality.
Title: Relationship between sleep quality during pregnancy and postpartum anxiety: a prospective birth cohort study.
Title: Effect of sleep quality on vision-related quality of life in a sample of Qassim University students: an ocular surface health approach.
Title: Assessment of sleep quality among physiotherapists using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI): A pilot study.
Title: Comments on 'Correlation between dexmedetomidine and postoperative sleep quality in older patients undergoing intestinal surgery'.
Title: Predicting factors of sleep quality among adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review.
Title: Stress and sleep quality among medical students in Bangladesh: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Shotgun metagenomics reveals alteration of gut microbiota and metabolic pathways in adults with poor sleep quality.
Title: Effects of sleep quality on self-harm ideation among elder abuse survivors: the moderating role of community social support.
Title: The association between psychological symptoms, sleep quality and severity of coronary artery disease in acute coronary syndrome.
Title: Associations between distant and proximal negative life events and sleep quality in pregnant women: independent, cumulative and interaction effects.
Title: The Effect of Fatigue Levels of Patients Undergoing Hemodialysis on Their Sleep Quality After Dialysis Treatment.
Title: Interactions between co-sleeping, sleep quality, and relationship health: The benefits and challenges of shared sleep environments.
Title: Sleep quality, APOE ε4, and Alzheimer's disease: associations from two prospective cohort studies and mechanisms by plasma proteomic analysis.
Title: Factors influencing the effect of melatonin on sleep quality in children with autism spectrum disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The Impact of Internalized Homophobia on Sleep Quality Among Sexual minority Men: A Moderated Mediation Effect.
Title: Longitudinal Links Between Vicarious Racism and Mental Health Among Mexican-Origin Adolescents: The Moderating Role of Daily Sleep Quality.
Title: Reply to: Delirium and sleep quality in the intensive care unit: the role of melatonin.
Title: Associations Among Sleep Duration, Sleep Quality, and Age-Related Ocular Diseases: Insights From Longitudinal and Mediation Analyses.
Title: Comment on "The Effect of Music and Eye Masks on Sleep Quality and Delirium in Abdominal Surgery Intensive Care Patients: Randomised Controlled Trial".
Title: Correction: Stress in autism (STREAM): A study protocol on the role of circadian activity, sleep quality and sensory reactivity.
Title: A standardised saffron extract improves subjective and objective sleep quality in healthy older adults with sleep complaints: results from the gut-sleep-brain axis randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study.
Title: The Impact of Clustered Care on Itch Severity and Sleep Quality in Patients with Atopic Dermatitis via an Online Platform.
Title: A Cohort Study on Factors Affecting Sleep Quality in Women Undergoing Intrauterine Sperm Insemination (IUI) Treatment.
Title: Can Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter-2 Inhibitors Improve Sleep Quality, Anxiety, and Quality of Life in Patients With Heart Failure?
Title: [Psycho-emotional state and self-reported sleep quality in students with bimodality of the ability to be active in the morning and evening in the sleep-wake cycle].
Title: Predictors of Sleep Quality Among Emerging Adults in India: Exploring the Role of FoMO, Nomophobia and Evening Chronotype.
Title: Factors associated with poor sleep quality on the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index among hospitalized Ghanaian obstetrical patients.
Title: Sleep quality in older adults with cognitive frailty: current status and influencing factors.
Title: Is there a relationship between sleep quality, dietary intake and weight gain in Turkish pregnant women?
Title: Effects of physical activity and body mass index on sleep quality and depression among Turkish adults.
Title: Association analysis of family resilience with sleep quality and hope levels in post-modified radical mastectomy breast cancer patients.
Title: Anterior cruciate ligament injury risk according to sleep quality in female college students.
Title: Parent sleep quality and fear of nighttime hypoglycaemia.
Title: Impact of psychosocial determinants on sleep quality decreased during the COVID-19 lockdown: Evidence from an urban panel study.
Title: Effectiveness of a Chatbot-Based Internet-Support-Coping-Caring Intervention in Improving Sleep Quality and Work-Related Outcomes Among Nurses in Taiwan During the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Pilot Study.
Title: Association of visual acuity with sleep quality and sleep duration in patients with type 2 diabetes: evidence from a cross-sectional analysis of the Fushun Diabetic Retinopathy Study.
Title: Active nudging towards digital well-being: reducing excessive screen time on mobile phones and potential improvement for sleep quality.
Title: Comparative effectiveness of nonpharmacological interventions on postpartum maternal sleep quality: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep quality types and influencing factors of frail elderly in long-term care facilities: A latent profile analysis.
Title: Impact of probiotics on sleep quality and mood states in patients with insomnia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Predicting sleep quality with digital biomarkers and artificial neural networks.
Title: Poor sleep quality among patients with Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis and systematic review.
Title: Parental Exposure to Work Schedule Instability and Child Sleep Quality.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality on the relationship between physical activity and social anxiety disorder among Chinese college freshmen.
Title: Author Response: The Sleep Quality of Intensive Care Unit Patients on Noninvasive Ventilation Depends Not Only on Noninvasive Ventilation- and ICU-related Factors but Also on Numerous Other Factors.
Title: The Sleep Quality of Intensive Care Unit Patients on Noninvasive Ventilation Depends Not Only on Noninvasive Ventilation- and ICU-related Factors but Also on Numerous Other Factors.
Title: Expanding the Therapeutic Profile of Topical Cannabidiol in Temporomandibular Disorders: Effects on Sleep Quality and Migraine Disability in Patients with Bruxism-Associated Muscle Pain.
Title: The Effects of 8-Week Hydrogen-Rich Water Consumption on Appetite, Body Composition, Sleep Quality, and Circulating Glucagon-like Peptide-1 in Obese Men and Women (HYDRAPPET): A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effects of Aerobic Exercise on Sleep Quality, Insomnia, and Inflammatory Markers: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: The Association Between Quality of Recovery, Objective and Subjective Sleep Quality, and Pain After Abdominal Surgery: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: [Nutrition in improving sleep quality and fighting insomnia].
Title: Examining Sleep Quality in Adult Foster Care Alumni: Implications for Later Life Health and Well-Being.
Title: The Role of Rumination and Worry in the Bidirectional Relationship Between Stress and Sleep Quality in Students.
Title: Effects of Probiotic Supplementation on Depressive Symptoms, Sleep Quality, and Modulation of Gut Microbiota and Inflammatory Biomarkers: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Dysfunctional sleep beliefs and sleep quality among Chinese university students: the mediating roles of depression, anxiety, and stress.
Title: Morning lark or night owl? Understanding the role of sleep quality and chronotype on dietary quality and hedonic hunger in university students.
Title: The influence of menopausal status on sleep quality in different populations - a narrative review.
Title: Burnout and Sleep Quality in Nurses in the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Evaluation of sleep quality and engraftment in patients undergoing mobilization and hematopoietic stem cell transplantation.
Title: Good sleep quality predicts a lower risk of osteoporosis in older adults: Evidence from the English longitudinal study of ageing.
Title: Analysis of Psychological and Sleep Quality Characteristics of Young and Adult Para-Athletes with Cerebral Palsy During Competitive Period.
Title: Associations Between Physical Activity, Sedentary Behaviour, Sleep Quality, and Anxiety Among Healthy Pain-Free Adults in Saudi Arabia: An Online Cross-Sectional Survey.
Title: Pomegranate Juice Consumption Improves Sleep Quality and Melatonin Concentration of Patients With Opioid Use Disorders Under Medication-Assisted Treatment With Methadone and Buprenorphine: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Relation of sleep quality, sleep disturbance, and hydroxyurea use to neurocognitive function in youth living with sickle cell disease.
Title: Age and Sex Moderate the Effects of Sleep Quality on Resting-State Functional Connectivity in the Salience and Default Mode Network.
Title: Factors associated with life quality, sleep quality, and depression in systemic sclerosis patients: a cross-sectional study from Iran.
Title: Association between sleep and awake bruxism with sleep quality and duration in children and adolescents: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Cognitive Performance in Chronic Primary Musculoskeletal Pain: An Observational Study With Healthy Controls.
Title: The role of FOMO and mindfulness in the relationship between mobile phone dependence and sleep quality among Chinese youth: a mediating and moderating analysis.
Title: Effectiveness of deep breathing exercises on anxiety, depression and sleep quality in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery.
Title: Social media addiction as the central mediating variable to explore the mechanism between physical exercise and sleep quality.
Title: Enhancing Sleep Quality: The Impact of the "Repose Tao" Pillow with Taopatch
Title: Sleep Assessment in Patients with Inner Ear Functional Disorders: A Prospective Cohort Study Investigating Sleep Quality Through Polygraphy Recordings.
Title: Effect of a saffron extract on sleep quality in adults with moderate insomnia: A decentralized, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.
Title: The effects of high-quality nursing accompaniment on the sleep quality, negative psychological moods and quality of life of patients with acute myocardial infarct.
Title: The effect of remimazolam and propofol on post-hysteroscopy sleep quality under general anesthesia: a 
Title: Serum magnesium levels and their association with sleep quality and disease severity in fibromyalgia syndrome: An observational cross-sectional study.
Title: [Relationship between nurses' sleep quality and quality of life in class Ⅲ grade a hospitals in Lanzhou in 2023: the chain mediating role of social support and psychological resilience].
Title: [Sleep quality and mental health after bloodborne occupational exposure among medical staff in a new crown square cabin: chain mediation of social support and psychological resilience].
Title: The effect of sleep quality on multidimensional affects of medical students: an intensive longitudinal study based on the diary method.
Title: The sleep quality and influencing factors among midwives in China: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Relationships Between Self-Reported Sleep Quality, Quantity and Timing on Workdays vs Work-Free Days and Lifestyle Factors in Healthy Adults.
Title: The Effects of Social Media Addiction, Academic Stress, and Sleep Quality on Anxiety Symptoms: A Cross-Sectional Study of Chinese Vocational Students.
Title: The role of sleep quality and duration in associations between daily minority stress and next-day suicidal ideation in LGBTQ+ youth.
Title: Predictors of poor sleep quality in multiple sclerosis: The independent role of anxiety and restless legs syndrome.
Title: BETTER sleep: Sleep quality among adults living with type 1 diabetes in Canada.
Title: Association of exposure to ambient Ozone with sleep quality in pregnant women.
Title: Appetite adipokines and insulin resistance shape the link between sleep quality and cardiac structure in youths with cardiometabolic risk: the BCAMS study.
Title: Correction: Báez-Suárez et al. Improving Sleep Quality and Well-Being in Institutionalized Older Adults: The Potential of NESA Non-Invasive Neuromodulation Treatment. 
Title: Sleep patterns and sleep quality in women with methamphetamine use disorder.
Title: Construction of a Prediction Model for Sleep Quality in Embryo Repeated Implantation Failure Patients Undergoing Assisted Reproductive Technology Based on Machine Learning: A Single-Center Retrospective Study.
Title: Assessing impact of chamber restricted environmental stimulation therapy on stress and sleep quality among university students: an intervention study.
Title: Correlation between latent categories of body image and sleep quality in adolescent orthodontic patients.
Title: Construction and Validation of a Machine Learning-Based Risk Prediction Model for Sleep Quality in Patients with OSA [Letter].
Title: Sleep Quality in Parkinson Disease: Clinical Insights and PSQI Reliability Assessment.
Title: Physical Activity Level and Sleep Quality in Community-Dwelling Older Adults. A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Lifetime Violence and Perinatal Sleep Quality: A Scoping Review.
Title: Association Between Chronic Pain, Coping Strategies, and Sleep Quality in Rural Chinese Older Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Evaluation of COVID-19 fear and sleep quality in individuals with epilepsy: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations of BMI, sleep quality, and sleep duration trajectories with new-onset diabetes mellitus in the elderly.
Title: Do green spaces protect night sleep duration and sleep quality in children and adolescents? Evidence from 10 observational studies.
Title: Earthquake anxiety and sleep quality among adolescent survivors 9-12 months after the great earthquakes in Türkiye: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Maximizing sleep quality and well-being in female athletes: the role of the menstrual cycle and whole-body cryostimulation.
Title: [Relationship Between Sleep Quality, Smartphone Addiction, and Academic GPA in Medical Students].
Title: Effectiveness of auricular laser acupuncture on anxiety, stress, sleep quality, fatigue and muscle tension of Psychosocial Care Center professionals: a quasi-experimental pilot study.
Title: Brain signature of sleep quality.
Title: Inflammatory state moderates response to cannabis on negative affect and sleep quality in individuals with anxiety.
Title: The effect of physical exercise on sleep quality in university students: chain mediation of health literacy and life satisfaction.
Title: Impact of Pediatric Leukemia on Maternal Anxiety, Depression, Sleep Quality, and Physical Activity.
Title: Sleep longer, think sharper: extra sleep offsets poor sleep quality in young-old adults.
Title: Prevalence and factors associated with poor sleep quality among patients with hypertension in a primary care clinic: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Evaluating poor sleep quality and its risk factors in non-dialysis chronic kidney disease patients from Saudi Arabia.
Title: The joint association between sleep quality, moderate-to-vigorous physical activity, cardiorespiratory fitness, and working memory in Chinese adolescents.
Title: Buddhist ordination as a culturally embedded model for improving diet, body composition, and sleep quality in overweight and obese adults.
Title: Analysis of sleep quality and quantity during a half-season in world-class handball players.
Title: The effect of chronotype on social functioning in schizophrenic patients: examining the chain-mediating role of sleep quality and anxiety.
Title: Sleep Quality Among Medical Students: A Cross-Sectional Study at SRM Medical College and Research Centre.
Title: The relationship between abdominal fat and sleep quality after combined exercise in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Title: Effect of aromatherapy massage with lavender essential oil on sleep quality, pain, and mental and psychiatric disorders among breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Dexmedetomidine improves sleep quality and alleviates emotional dysfunction by attenuating α-synuclein deposition in mice with sepsis-associated encephalopathy.
Title: Impact of a Multimodal Intervention Combining Manual Therapy, Exercise, Reduced Methylxanthine Intake, and Nocturnal Light Avoidance on Inflammatory and Metabolic Profiles, Pain, Functionality, and Sleep Quality in Patients with Frozen Shoulder: A Single-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The Impact of Domain Shift on Predicting Perceived Sleep Quality from Wearables.
Title: Nutritional and Lifestyle Behaviors and Their Influence on Sleep Quality Among Spanish Adult Women.
Title: Sleep Promoting Effects of Lettuce (
Title: Mediterranean Diet Compliance Is Related with Lower Prevalence of Perceived Stress and Poor Sleep Quality in University Students: A Cross-Sectional Study in Greece.
Title: Sensor based sleep patterns and reported sleep quality in breast cancer patients undergoing neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
Title: Comment on "Associations between sleep quality, excessive daytime sleepiness, and theta wave activity during resting-state electroencephalography in maintenance hemodialysis patients".
Title: Effects of acupuncture on improving sleep quality and the risk of emotional maladjustment of breast cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association between sleep quality and life satisfaction and self-efficacy among women with gynecological cancer in West China: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The Pittsburgh sleep quality index-2 (PSQI-2): the validity of a two-item sleep quality screener in Brazilian adults.
Title: Effectiveness of 
Title: Can Sleep Quality be Associated With Positional Vertigo in Children With Dizziness?
Title: Effect of pillow on pain, disability and sleep quality in patients with chronic neck pain: A systematic review.
Title: Age-related differences in sleep quality among community-dwelling elderly: Evidence from a Shanghai cross-sectional study.
Title: Low-level light therapy for sleep quality, fatigue, depression, and cold limbs in older adults in nursing homes: A feasibility trial.
Title: Sleep Quality as a Mediator of Internet Gaming Disorder and Executive Dysfunction in Adolescents: Cross-Sectional Questionnaire Study.
Title: Effectiveness of Combination Dhikr and Salawat on Anxiety and Sleep Quality in Hemodialysis Patients in Indonesia: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The Role of Bedtime Procrastination, Rumination, Loneliness, and Positive Body Image in Predicting Sleep Quality Among University Students: A Sex-Specific Analysis.
Title: The Effect of Self-Help Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction Exercise Therapeutics on the Psychological Status and Sleep Quality of Hubei Medical Staff.
Title: Association Between Fermented Food Consumption and Sleep Quality Under Psychological Stress: Prospective Cohort Study.
Title: Urinary incontinence and subjective well-being among Chinese old adults: the multiple mediation effect of social participation and sleep quality.
Title: Moderate-intensity continuous exercise preserves sleep quality, while high-intensity intermittent exercise disrupts it in female night-shift healthcare workers.
Title: Optimal Tai Chi dose for improving anxiety, depression, and sleep quality in older adults: A Bayesian meta-analysis.
Title: The mechanism of sleep quality's effect on academic burnout: examining the mediating role of perceived stress.
Title: Effect of Decline in Sleep Quality and Oral Immunity Before Competition on Infection Risk in Adolescent Swimmers.
Title: Effects of Auricular Acupressure on Fatigue, Sleep Quality, Physical Activity, and Quality of Life in Pancreatic Cancer Patients Undergoing Chemotherapy: A Randomized Controlled Trial: Erratum.
Title: Association between body roundness index (BRI) and sleep quality: a cross sectional study from 2022 to 2024.
Title: Impact of low anterior resection syndrome after rectal surgery on sleep quality.
Title: Association of Emotion, Sleep Quality With Hypertension and Complications in the Elderly Population.
Title: Evaluation of sleep quality and its determinants among individuals with diabetes mellitus and/or hypertension: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Association between energy-adjusted dietary inflammatory index and sleep quality disorders: a cross-sectional study on fasa adult cohort.
Title: The effect of self-auriculotherapy on the severity of restless leg syndrome, sleep quality, and fatigue in hemodialysis patients: A randomized controlled clinical trial.
Title: Lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) and sleep quality: the mediating role of anxiety and depression in middle-aged and older adults from the ardakan cohort study on aging (ACSA).
Title: Cross-sectional exercise-related differences in PTSD symptoms, psychological distress, physical pain, and sleep quality in trauma-exposed adults.
Title: Study on the Combined Effects and Mechanisms of Acupoint Catgut Embedding in Improving Sleep Quality and Controlling Asthma Symptoms in Patients With Asthma.
Title: Ecological Momentary Assessment of Associations Between Sleep Quality, Stress, and Pain Among Women in Midlife with Risk for Cardiovascular Disease.
Title: Poor sleep quality indirectly contributes to higher sexual risk-taking by increasing the likelihood of engaging in substance use among LGBTQ+ individuals.
Title: Exploring associations between problematic technology-dependent behaviors, physical and mental health, sleep quality, and academic procrastination among medical students.
Title: Development and internal validation of a nomogram for sleep quality among Chinese medical students: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Impact of socioeconomic status on obesity in older adults: the suppressive effect of social support and sleep quality.
Title: Addition of bedtime lafutidine inhibits nocturnal acid-breakthrough and improves sleep quality in gastroesophageal reflux disease patients on esomeprazole: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: [Association Between Sleep Quality and Depressive Symptoms in Community-Dwelling Older Adults: The Mediating Role of Loneliness].
Title: Associations of dietary and lifestyle inflammation scores with sleep quality and mental health in hemodialysis patients: a multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Objective sleep quality in diverse older adults: a cross-sectional study on the importance of race and ethnicity and sex.
Title: Evidence of a relationship between circulating ghrelin and sleep quality in male alcohol-dependent patients after abstinence.
Title: Effectiveness of mindfulness-based interventions on burnout, resilience and sleep quality among nurses: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: The association of Malnutrition-Inflammation Score with sleep quality and mental health in hemodialysis patients: a multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Negative life events, sleep quality and depression in university students.
Title: Mediating role of sleep quality in the relationship between diabetes mellitus and visual function: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Improving sleep quality of patients undergoing hemodialysis in Iran through receiving spiritual care program: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Physical exercise moderates the mediating effect of depressive symptoms between sleep quality and suicidal ideation among college students.
Title: Effects of an online home-based exercise intervention on sleep quality in breast cancer patients during the COVID-19 lockdown: a pilot study.
Title: A Meta-Analytic Review of the Associations of the Big Five Personality Traits with Subjective Poor Sleep Quality and Insomnia, and Meta-Regression of Some Potential Moderators.
Title: Association of multiple symptoms with sleep quality and duration: a cross-sectional population-based study of older men in Sweden.
Title: Sleep quality modifies and mediates the association between the oxidative balance score and depression: A cross-sectional study of NHANES 2007-2014.
Title: Between sleep and wakefulness: how sleep quality and stress affect isolated sleep paralysis - a cross-sectional survey.
Title: Non-invasive brain stimulation to enhance sleep quality and architecture in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and Bayesian network meta-analysis.
Title: Pilot outcomes and exploration of treatment mechanisms using a culturally adapted version of the unified protocol for transdiagnostic treatment of emotional disorders to improve mental health symptoms, alcohol misuse, functional outcomes, and sleep quality in emergency responders.
Title: The link between sleep quality and nutritional status in community-dwelling Iranian elderly.
Title: The Effects of Digital-Based Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia (CBT-I) on Sleep Quality in Shift Workers: A Scoping Review.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality and Mood Disorders: Risk Factors of Increasing Chronic Pain in Patients with Insomnia.
Title: The Effect of Dual Diagnosis of Substance Use Disorders on Circadian Rhythm and Sleep Quality in Patients with Bipolar Disorder.
Title: Mediating Effects of Fatigue and Sleep Quality on Uremic Pruritus and Quality of Life Among Hemodialysis Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Adherence to major dietary patterns and sleep quality, sleep related outcomes, mental health and state of mood in older adults: a cross sectional study.
Title: Perceived social support, fatigue, and sleep quality in women treated for gynecological cancer: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Risk Prediction Model for Elderly Differentiated Thyroid Cancer Based on Combined Sleep Quality Assessment and Multimodal Ultrasound.
Title: Caffeine and Sports Performance: The Conflict between Caffeine Intake to Enhance Performance and Avoiding Caffeine to Ensure Sleep Quality.
Title: The effect of education, diacutaneous fibrolysis, and self-mobilization on sleep quality in patients with carpal tunnel syndrome waiting for surgery: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality in perimenopausal and postmenopausal women: which exercise therapy is the most effective? A systematic review and network meta-analysis of 31 RCTs.
Title: The sleep quality and its association with disease activity in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a meta-analysis.
Title: Effects of sleep quality and fatigue on nursing performance in intensive care settings.
Title: Effects of Long-Term Noise Exposure on Mental Health and Sleep Quality of Emergency Medical Staff and Coping Strategies.
Title: Association of psychological factors and sleep quality with activity-related pain and disability in individuals with frozen shoulder.
Title: Corrigendum/Erratum to "Magnesium-L-threonate improves sleep quality and daytime functioning in adults with self-reported sleep problems: A randomized controlled trial" [Sleep Med: X 8 (2024) 100121].
Title: Comparing the Effects of Cranial Electrotherapy Stimulation and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia on Daily Mood and Physiological Sleep Parameters in Athletes with Poor Pre-Competition Sleep Quality.
Title: Correlation of Hand Grip Strength with Sleep Quality and Perception of General Health Status in University Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Health Information Mistrust Is Directly Associated with Poor Sleep Quality: Evidence from a Population-Based Study.
Title: Lemon Verbena Extract Enhances Sleep Quality and Duration via Modulation of Adenosine A1 and GABA
Title: Primary and Emergency Care Use: The Roles of Health Literacy, Patient Activation, and Sleep Quality in a Latent Profile Analysis.
Title: Exploring the Associations Between Autistic Traits, Sleep Quality, and Well-Being in University Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Changes in Physical Function, Cognitive Function, Mental Health, and Sleep Quality After Cardiac Surgeries and Procedures.
Title: Childhood Obesity and Overweight Are Associated with Higher Risk of Perceived Stress and Poor Sleep Quality: A Cross-Sectional Study in Children Aged 6-9 Years.
Title: Effects of Melatonin-Loaded Poly(N-vinylcaprolactam) Transdermal Gel on Sleep Quality.
Title: Environmental Factors Affecting Sleep Quality in Intensive Care Unit Patients in Southern Morocco: An Assessment Study.
Title: Association between vitamin D level and sleep quality in the elderly population: a prospective cohort study.
Title: The Impact of Psoriasis on Sleep Quality: Examining the Relationship Between Psoriasis, Sleep, and Mental Health.
Title: Effects of repeated cryostimulation exposures on sleep quality in swimmers during an intense training period.
Title: Exploring Factors Associated with Sleep Quality After Lung Transplantation.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Self-Efficacy Trajectories Among Pregnant Women: A Parallel Process Latent Growth Curve Model.
Title: Chronotype and Sleep Quality in College Students Undergoing Clinical Placement: A Moderated Moderation Model of Sleep Reactivity and Resilience.
Title: Restless minds, restless nights: A 2-wave preliminary study on the associations between sleep quality, negative metacognitions and Problematic Smartphone Use.
Title: A study to determine the relationship between sleep quality and socioeconomic status of the nursing officers working in a selected hospital, Bhubaneswar.
Title: Sleep quality and renal function among Chinese incoming college freshmen: the mediating role of lifestyle behaviors.
Title: Association of sleep duration and sleep quality with cognitive frailty in Chinese older adults.
Title: The relationship between trait anxiety and sleep quality in college students: an exploratory analysis of physical activity as a moderator.
Title: Evaluation of sleep quality and influencing factors among medical and non-medical students using machine learning techniques in Fujian during the public health emergencies.
Title: Does the Pillow Affect the Sleep Quality and Disability in Patients With Cervical Spondylosis? A Study Protocol for a Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Sleep Quality, Depression, and Frailty in Atrial Fibrillation Patients: The Mediating and Interaction Effects.
Title: On-call work and sleep quality amongst Radiographers registered in Ireland.
Title: The Effect of Laughter Yoga on Chemotherapy-Induced Symptoms and Sleep Quality in Patients with Haematologic Cancer.
Title: Treatments used by people living with MS to get to sleep or stay asleep, and impacts on sleep quality and daytime sleepiness.
Title: Association of seafood consumption with sleep quality according to high sensitivity C-reactive protein levels in Korean adults.
Title: Impact of Virtual Reality-Based Biofeedback on Sleep Quality Among Individuals With Depressive Symptoms, Anxiety Symptoms, or Both: 4-Week Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: Can Dizziness Be Related to Insomnia Severity and Sleep Quality in Young Adults?
Title: Sleep quality and fatigue level, clinical and demographic factors in women with rheumatoid arthritis.
Title: Assessment of Sleep Quality and Its Determinants Among Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Mogadishu, Somalia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Relationship between low back pain and sleep quality.
Title: Chronic back pain patients with poor sleep quality had higher pain intensity, functional limitation, and psychosocial factors than their counterparts.
Title: Does orthognathic surgery affect sleep quality? Evaluation of the effects of orthognathic surgery on subjective and objective OSA parameters in skeletal class III patients.
Title: Corrigendum to "Evaluating the impact of adjunct bright light therapy on subjective sleep quality in major depressive disorder" [J. Affect. Disord. 348 (2024) 175-178].
Title: Associations of Sleep Quality with Life's Essential 8 Cardiovascular Health Score and Metabolic Syndrome Among US Adults.
Title: Critical appraisal of "Sleep quality after total knee arthroplasty: a comparative analysis of robotic‑assisted and conventional techniques".
Title: Exploring the Link Between Caffeine Intake, Sleep Quality, and Restless Legs Syndrome Among Medical Students.
Title: Time-effect relationship between spare-time exercise and sleep quality in middle school student by parallel latent growth and cross-lagged panel model.
Title: Prevalence of dry eye disease and its association with sleep quality and depression: a hospital-based survey in Thai population.
Title: To: Delirium and sleep quality in the intensive care unit: the role of melatonin.
Title: Construction and Validation of a Machine Learning-Based Risk Prediction Model for Sleep Quality in Patients with OSA.
Title: Associations Between Sleep Quality and Asthma Control, Pulmonary Inflammation, Asthma Severity, Exercise Capacity, and Quality of Life in Children With Asthma: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and cardiac autonomic modulation according to physical activity levels in adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: An Exploratory Study of Sleep Quality After Lung Transplantation Using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index.
Title: Mediating Effect Analysis of Social Connectedness Between Fear of Progression and Sleep Quality in Patients With Chronic Heart Failure.
Title: RE: Promethazine is not a good option to aid sleep quality, especially for people using psychiatric services.
Title: Disentangling the role of sedation from improving sleep quality in crisis care.
Title: Associations between sleep quality, excessive daytime sleepiness, and theta wave activity during resting-state electroencephalography in maintenance hemodialysis patients.
Title: Exposure to light and noise at night, and sleep quality in community-dwelling older adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Worldwide Prevalence of Poor Sleep Quality in Older Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Risk factors and mediation role of sleep quality for depression in cognitively frail older adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Relationship Between Socioeconomic Status and Depression in Older Adults: The Roles of Cognitive Function and Sleep Quality.
Title: From quality of life to sleep quality in Chinese college students: stress and anxiety as sequential mediators with nonlinear effects via machine learning.
Title: Adolescents' next-day perceptions of their sleep quality, quantity, sleepiness and sleepiness-related symptoms relative to actigraphy metrics.
Title: Poor sleep quality is a predictor of severe hypoglycemia during comprehensive diabetes care in type 1 diabetes.
Title: Association between Sleep Quality and Mental Health among Medical Students: A College Based Study in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Title: Perceived stress and sleep quality in young and middle-aged patients with coronary heart disease: the mediating role of perceived social support and mental health literacy.
Title: Effectiveness of Sensory Stimulation for Improving Sleep Quality in Preterm Infants in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit: A Systematic Review.
Title: Associations Between Sleep Quality and Self-Reported Health Status in Middle-Aged and Older Adults: A Community-Based, Cross-Sectional Study in Northern Taiwan.
Title: Host-Gut Microbiota Interactions: Exploring the Potential Role of Vitamin B1 and B2 in the Microbiota-Gut-Brain Axis and Anxiety, Stress, and Sleep Quality.
Title: Impact of Vitamin B1 and Vitamin B2 Supplementation on Anxiety, Stress, and Sleep Quality: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Title: Improving Sleep Quality to Enhance Athletic Activity-The Role of Nutrition and Supplementation: A Mini-Short Review.
Title: Sleep Quality and Disruptive Factors in Intensive Care Units: A Comparison Between Mechanically Ventilated and Spontaneously Breathing Patients.
Title: Advancing maternal mental health: The role of sleep quality and non-pharmacological interventions in LMICs.
Title: Systematic Health Guidance and Psychological Nursing Intervention: Effects on Emotions, Sleep Quality, and Self-Efficacy in Cerebral Hemorrhage Patients.
Title: Effects of Consumption of Black Soybean Seed Coat Extract on Sleep Quality in Healthy Japanese: A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group Comparison Study.
Title: Examining the between- and within-person associations among perceived sleep quality and mental health symptoms in emergency medical service clinicians.
Title: Relationships among sleep quality, anxiety, and depression among Chinese nurses: A network analysis.
Title: Psychological resilience and sleep quality of family caregivers of older adults with functional limitations: A weighted comparison with non-caregivers.
Title: Sleep Duration and Sleep Quality as Season-Long Predictors of Ratings of Perceived Exertion and Psychological Well-Being in Female Soccer Athletes.
Title: Does a Hot Foot Bath Improve Sleep Quality? - A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Latent class analysis for quality of life status, sleep quality and anxiety in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Cognitive Complaints Among Young Adults With Migraine.
Title: Sleep quality and well-being in obesity-hypoventilation syndrome versus obstructive sleep apnea with obesity: A comparative study.
Title: Biphasic effects of SGLT-2 inhibitors on sleep quality in older people with type 2 diabetes: A longitudinal analysis.
Title: Religiosity and the relationship between sexual trauma, alcohol use, and sleep quality: a moderated mediation model.
Title: Association of leisure-time physical activity and sleep quality among healthcare workers in China: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Estimation and Validation of an Effective Ergothioneine Dose for Improved Sleep Quality Using Physiologically Based Pharmacokinetic Model.
Title: Elevated Hair Cortisol Concentrations Are Associated With Poor Sleep Quality Evaluated Using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index but Not With Actigraphy.
Title: The mediating effect of sleep quality in the relationship between nocturia and psychosocial functions in nurses: a cross-sectional survey based on TARGET.
Title: Effects of effleurage massage on sleep quality in women hospitalized for high-risk pregnancies: A randomized crossover design.
Title: Constipation severity mediates the relationship between affective symptoms and sleep quality among people with schizophrenia: A multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality measured by cardiopulmonary coupling spectrogram in pregnant women predicts neonatal outcomes.
Title: A nomogram for predicting poor sleep quality in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Title: Promoting a Smartphone-Free Bedroom Environment to Enhance Sleep Quality among University Students: A Cross-Sectional Study from Saudi Arabia.
Title: Associations between essential trace elements and sleep quality in Iranian adults based on the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index.
Title: Effects of therapeutic music listening on depression and sleep quality in people with chronic schizophrenia: Pilot randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep Quality and Outcomes in Preclinical Heart Failure: A Prospective UK Biobank Cohort Study.
Title: Obstructive sleep apnea risk and sleep quality in adolescents with polycystic ovary syndrome: a case-control study.
Title: Before attributing improved sleep quality to an anti-inflammatory diet, alternative causes must be ruled out.
Title: The impact of pulmonary rehabilitation on sleep quality in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Bed Partners' Perspectives and Sleep Quality After Hypoglossal Nerve Stimulation Therapy for Obstructive Sleep Apnea.
Title: The role of circadian preferences in the bidirectional link between sleep quality and depressive symptoms: A cross-lagged panel design.
Title: Propofol versus sevoflurane anesthesia on postoperative sleep quality in older patients after major abdominal surgery: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: The Effect of Music and Eye Masks on Sleep Quality and Delirium in Abdominal Surgery Intensive Care Patients: Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep quality and its determinants in patients with thyroid eye disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Pep19: A Novel Approach for Reducing Visceral Fat and Improving Sleep Quality in Obese Adults-Results From an Early-Stage Clinical Trial.
Title: Association between Obesity and Cognitive Function in Chinese Older Adults: The Mediating Effects of Sleep Quality and Blood Pressure.
Title: Association between dietary micronutrient adequacy index and sleep quality, sleep duration and chronic fatigue in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Title: Effects of Partial-Body Cryotherapy on Athletic Performance and Sleep Quality in Division I Collegiate Basketball Athletes.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Associated Factors among Adult Patients Admitted in the Intensive Care Units of Public Hospitals in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Title: The influence of physical exercise on adolescents' negative emotions: the chain mediating role of academic stress and sleep quality.
Title: Effect of acupressure and acupuncture on sleep quality in cancer patients with insomnia: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: High-sensitivity C-reactive protein as a mediator between sleep quality and mental health in first-degree relatives of individuals with schizophrenia.
Title: Mapping the road to better sleep: forecasting sleep quality using actigraphy-based machine learning hours before bedtime.
Title: Association between the DASH dietary pattern with sleep duration and sleep quality in Iranian employees.
Title: Evaluation of Complications, Peripheral Neuropathic Pain, and Sleep Quality in Patients With Diabetes Mellitus.
Title: Bidirectional relationship between child happiness and sleep quality and the predictive role of prenatal psychosocial support: results from U.S. and China cohort studies.
Title: Changes in fatigue, health-related fitness, sleep quality, mental health, gastrointestinal complaints and sexual function after a multimodal supervised therapeutic exercise program in women with endometriosis unresponsive to conventional therapy: a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial.
Title: The influence of physical activity on sleep quality in people living with HIV: A scoping review.
Title: The Impact of Physical Activity on Negative Affect and Sleep Quality in Adolescents: Network Analysis.
Title: Efficacy of Cannabis Oil in Improving Subjective Sleep Quality in Systemic Sclerosis: A Prospective Placebo-Controlled Study.
Title: Melatonin Secretion and Impacts of Training and Match Schedules on Sleep Quality, Recovery, and Circadian Rhythms in Young Professional Football Players.
Title: Sleep quality after total knee arthroplasty: a comparative analysis of robotic-assisted and conventional techniques.
Title: Trajectories of psychopathology and sleep quality during a collective stressful event: The role of sexual minority identity, personality, and emotion regulation.
Title: The effect of sleep quality on glucose variability among adolescents with type 1 diabetes in China: A multi-central temporal longitudinal association analysis.
Title: Eveningness and Procrastination: An Exploration of Relationships with Mind Wandering, Sleep Quality, Self-Control, and Depression.
Title: Sleeping on Pins and Needles: Exploring the Decline in Sleep Quality for Close Family Members of Cardiac-Arrest Survivors and How to Intervene.
Title: Association of Sleep Quality With Activity and Participation in Older Adults.
Title: Cortisol dynamics and sleep quality: The role of sex and oral contraceptive use.
Title: Dietary glycemic and insulin indices in association with sleep quality and duration in patients undergoing angiography.
Title: Impact of elevated BMI on pharyngeal airway dimensions and sleep quality in patients with normal maxillomandibular skeletal relationships.
Title: Sleep Problems and Sleep Quality in the General Adult Population Living in South Tyrol (Italy): A Cross-Sectional Survey Study.
Title: Letter in response to "Effects of mindfulness and sleep quality on self-efficacy of clinical decision making among resident physicians: an observational study".
Title: Understanding Factors Associated With Sleep Quality in Korean American Older Adults Residing in Subsidized Senior Housing.
Title: Correlates of Nocturia With ≥ 2 Nighttime Voids in Older Adults: Associations With Dry Mouth and Sleep Quality.
Title: Impact of sleep quality and chronotype on self-reported erectile function in young adults presenting with erectile complaints: a prospective observational study.
Title: Effects of mini-dose esketamine-dexmedetomidine combination supplemented intravenous analgesia on postoperative sleep quality in elderly patients after total knee arthroplasty: a protocol of double-blind randomised trial.
Title: Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) improves sleep quality in chronic insomnia disorder: A double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.
Title: Machine learning model based on survey assessment of sleep quality in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among people with asthma at public hospitals in east gojjam zone, North West Ethiopia, 2022.
Title: Sleep quality among solid organ transplant recipients during the COVID-19 reopening period in China: the interplay of SARS-CoV-2 infection, mental distress, and physical activity.
Title: Assessing the impact of sleep quality on physical function in Chinese older inpatient.
Title: Quantifying the effect of afternoon moderate-intensity exercise on sleep quality and quantity in healthy adult males using polysomnography.
Title: Analyzing the Association of Social Capital and Sleep Quality of the Elderly Community.
Title: The Association Between Nutritional Status, Diet Quality, and Sleep Quality Among the Elderly in Jordan: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Social relational quality and ethical climate as the predictors of sleep quality in employees of the operating room: a hierarchical linear regression analysis.
Title: How Do Traditional and Cyber Victimization Affect Sleep Quality among College Students? The Chain Mediating Role of Rumination and Anxiety.
Title: Sleep quality of service members and veterans with and without reports of dizziness.
Title: The effect of physical activity on anxiety through sleep quality among Chinese high school students: evidence from cross-sectional study and longitudinal study.
Title: Associations between sleep quality, plasma neurofilament light, and cognition in older adults without dementia.
Title: Physical activity levels, recreational screen time, sleep quality and mood among young adult healthcare students at an international university in Bahrain: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Global, mesoscale and local investigation into resting state fMRI brain network attributes of sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality and factors that disturb sleep among infants and preschoolers admitted to two pediatric intensive care units in Norway.
Title: The Assessment of Perceived Stress, Anxiety, Depression, Insomnia, Sleep Quality, and Drug Adherence in Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality trajectories and their relationship with quality of life in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma: a prospective cohort study.
Title: Time-restricted eating improves appetite regulation and sleep characteristics in adults with poor sleep quality.
Title: Daily Impact of Medical Cannabis on Anxiety and Sleep Quality in Older Adults.
Title: [The potential of neurofeedback control in treating insomnia and improving sleep quality (a systematic review)].
Title: Exploring longitudinal physiologic stress measurement and sleep quality interventions to improve psychological well-being in nurses: a pilot study.
Title: Autonomic Nervous Regulation was Associated with Sleep Quality Among Peritoneal Dialysis Patients.
Title: Parallel mediating effects of anxiety and depression on the relationship between sleep quality and fear of progression in individuals recovering from COVID-19.
Title: Physical Activity as a Tool to Improve Sleep Quality for Secure Psychiatric Inpatients: A Feasibility Study.
Title: The Relationship Between Sleep Quality and the Risk of Medication Errors in Nurses Working in Surgical Wards: A Multicenter Study.
Title: Association between gestation weight gain and postpartum poor sleep quality in postpartum women with weight retention.
Title: The effect of chronic yoga interventions on sleep quality in people with sleep disorders: a scoping review.
Title: Can Personality Traits Affect Sleep Quality in Post-COVID-19 Patients?
Title: Emotional Eating in Hispanic Girls and Boys: The Role of Anxiety and Sleep Quality.
Title: Effects of Individualized Nutrition Therapy and Continuous Glucose Monitoring on Dietary and Sleep Quality in Individuals with Prediabetes and Overweight or Obesity.
Title: Association Between the Dietary Inflammatory Index and Depression in Mid-Pregnancy: Mediating Effect of Sleep Quality.
Title: Modulation Effect of Physical Activity on Sleep Quality and Mental Hyperactivity in Higher-Education Students.
Title: Difference in subjective sleep quality and related lifestyle habits of student-athletes according to chronotype: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The role of smartphone addiction and family dynamics in sleep quality among earthquake-affected adolescents.
Title: Symptom network between problematic smartphone use and poor sleep quality in adolescents with depression.
Title: Anxiety, depression, and poor sleep quality in two-year survivors of mild to severe SARS-CoV-2 infection and matched comparison groups.
Title: Intranasal insulin enhances postoperative sleep quality and delirium in middle-aged cardiac surgery patients: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Appropriately designed studies are required to assess sleep quality in epilepsy patients.
Title: Effects of photobiomodulation on the sleep quality and quality of life of night-shift nurses.
Title: Fear of hypoglycemia: a key predictor of sleep quality among the diabetic population.
Title: Assessing sleep using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) among comorbid HIV and psychiatric outpatients.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Predictors Among Pregnant Women in Jordan: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Latent profile analysis of factors influencing sleep quality in ICU nurses cross-sectional study.
Title: The relationships among nurses' spiritual health, sleep quality, and stress and the factors influencing stress during the late global COVID-19 pandemic: A cross- sectional study.
Title: Quantifying Sleep Quality Through Delta-Beta Coupling Across Sleep and Wakefulness.
Title: The Bidirectional Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Aggressive Behavior: Within-Person Mediated Effect of Self-Control.
Title: The Impact of Craniofacial Skeletal Patterns on Sleep Quality and Oral Health-Related Quality of Life Among Adults.
Title: Novel insight into prediction model for sleep quality among college students: a LASSO-derived sleep evaluation.
Title: The Impact of Self-Management Abilities, Sleep Quality, and Anxiety on the Well-Being of Patients With Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
Title: Effects of mandibular setback surgery using the surgery-first approach versus conventional orthognathic approach on upper airway change and sleep quality.
Title: Associations between social media addiction, social media fatigue, fear of missing out, and sleep quality among university students in Bangladesh: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Ecological momentary assessment of between- and within-person sleep quality as a predictor of disordered eating behaviors among young women with disordered eating.
Title: Changes in Sleep Quality after Hormone Replacement Therapy with Micronized Progesterone in Japanese Menopausal Women: A Pilot Study.
Title: Correction to: The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index: a brief review.
Title: The effect of nursing care based on Comfort Theory of Kolcaba on comfort, satisfaction and sleep quality of intensive care patients.
Title: Investigation of negative emotions and sleep quality in gastric cancer patients and intervention strategies.
Title: The relationship between multiple chronic diseases and sleep quality among the older people ≥ 60 years in China.
Title: The subcortical correlates of self-reported sleep quality.
Title: The impact of the timing of pasta intake on sleep quality and health outcomes: a protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: The association of chronotype on depression in adolescents: the mediating role of sensation seeking and sleep quality.
Title: The Impact of Probiotic Supplementation on the Sleep Quality of Humans: A Review of Results of Randomized, Blinded, Controlled Studies.
Title: Sleep quality, anxiety, and depression among perioperative caregivers of children with tethered cord syndrome: a cross-sectional survey analysis.
Title: Relational study between sleep quality, daytime sleepiness state, anxiety, stress, depression in possible bruxist and non-bruxist: cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality, sleep hygiene practices and their influencing factors among Malaysian university students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The impact of environmental and psychological factors on sleep quality among incarcerated persons at a correctional center in Southern Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The Effect of Pain, Fatigue, and Sleep Quality on Activities of Daily Living in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis by Gender: A Descriptive Study from Turkey.
Title: Observational study of the relationship between negative cognitive processing bias and mental health, sleep quality in the early and middle stages of peacekeeping mission.
Title: Family resilience influences on individual physical activity, diet and sleep quality: Family health climate and biobehavioural reactivity as driving mediators.
Title: Exploring the Relationship Between Sleep Quality, Obesity, and Biochemical Markers in Elderly Outpatients.
Title: Pregnant women's sleep quality and its associated factors among antenatal care attendants in Bahir Dar City, Northwest Ethiopia.
Title: Sleep quality in late pregnancy is associated with maternal mental health in the early postpartum period.
Title: Adenotonsillectomy Reduces Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Improves Sleep Quality in Adult Patients.
Title: Sleep Quality, Depression, and the Risk of Anaemia in Adolescents Aged 10-19 Years During One Year of the COVID-19 Pandemic in Indonesia.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Influencing Factors in Hemodialysis and Renal Transplant Patients Across Various Stages.
Title: Development of a Qigong Used for Insomnia Therapy (QUIT) Program for Improving Sleep Quality and Blood Pressure in Chinese Women With Menopause: Pre-Post Pilot Test of Feasibility.
Title: Assessment of sleep quality and fatigue management among residents in emergency medicine.
Title: The association between sleep quality and cognitive impairment among a multi-ethnic population of middle-aged and older adults in Western China: a multi-center cross-sectional study.
Title: Association between anxiety and sleep quality in periodontally healthy, gingivitis, and periodontitis patients: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The relationship between anxiety symptoms and gastrointestinal symptoms in gastroenterology outpatients aged 6 to 18 years with the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: Relationship between inflammatory factors, lactic acid levels, acute skin failure, bad mood, and sleep quality.
Title: Associations of social isolation with sleep duration and sleep quality in the elderly: Mediating influence of depression.
Title: Corrigendum: Effect of cyclic meditation on anxiety and sleep quality in sailors on merchant ships-A quasi-experimental study.
Title: Analyses of Menopause and Its Related Symptoms on Sleep Quality Using a Novel Wearable Sheet-Type Frontal Electroencephalography Sensor, Haru-1.
Title: Subjective assessment of sleep quality in adult patients with hereditary angioedema.
Title: A prospective study comparing sleep quality using Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index at 8 weeks after robotic-assisted versus conventional total knee arthroplasty: a single-center study.
Title: The challenges experienced by patients in the early period after thyroidectomy and the effects on sleep quality.
Title: Evaluation of Upper Airway and Sleep Quality in Patients With Unilateral Cleft Lip and Palate Undergoing Orthognathic Surgery: A Pilot Study.
Title: The relationship between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder emotion regulation difficulties and sleep quality in adults: a cross sectional study.
Title: Investigation on the association between college students' smartphone-related behaviors and sleep quality during COVID-19.
Title: Effect of Night-Time Noise Control Combined with Detailed Nursing on Negative Emotions and Sleep Quality in Patients with Upper Gastrointestinal Bleeding.
Title: Virtual Group Medical Visits to Decrease Stress and Increase Sleep Quality in a Rural Community: A Quality Improvement Project.
Title: Intrinsic Links Between Non-Suicidal Self-Injury and Sleep Quality and Cytokines: A Network Analysis Based on Chinese Adolescents with Depressive Disorders.
Title: Sleep Quality and Cognitive Skills Impact Neurocognitive Function and Reduce Sports-Related Injury Risk.
Title: Clinical Cut Point for the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index After Adolescent Concussion.
Title: Mobile phone addiction was the mediator and physical activity was the moderator between bullying victimization and sleep quality.
Title: Enhanced alcohol metabolism and sleep quality with continuous positive airway pressure following alcohol consumption.
Title: Echoes in the night: How sleep quality influences auditory health.
Title: Effect of Yoga on Mother's Stress and Sleep Quality of Mother and Child, Mother's Feeding Attitude, and Child's Feeding Behavior: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The relationship between chronotype, sleep quality, and smartphone addiction in health sciences students in Morocco and Spain.
Title: Socio-Demographic, Nutritional, and Lifestyle Factors Influencing Perceived Sleep Quality in Spain, with a Particular Focus on Women and Young People.
Title: Are Sleep Quality, Daytime Sleepiness, and Depression Associated with Knee Pain? A Cross-Sectional Study in Older Adults.
Title: Sleep Quality and its Predictors in Brazilian Marines.
Title: Effect of rapid rehabilitation surgical nursing on patients' gastrointestinal function recovery and sleep quality after laparoscopic appendectomy.
Title: The effect of melatonin on sleep quality and daytime sleepiness in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized placebo-controlled trials.
Title: Hybrid Neural network and machine learning models with improved optimization method for gut microbiome effects on the sleep quality in patients with endometriosis.
Title: Effectiveness of virtual reality on anxiety, pain, sleep quality, and post-traumatic stress disorder for critically ill patients in intensive care units: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Title: The Impact of Macronutrient Intake on Sleep Quality in Female Endurance Athletes: A Pilot Observational Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Impact of Morning Meditation and Sleep Quality on Affective and Health Outcomes in Healthcare Workers.
Title: The Effects of Progressive Muscle Relaxation on Mental Health and Sleep Quality in Adults with Cystic Fibrosis: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Physiological Parameters of Sleep and the Risk of Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Competitive Athletes with Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: Effectiveness of Non-Pharmacological Interventions for Sleep Disorders in Enhancing Quality of Life, Cognitive Function, and Sleep Quality in Older Adults with Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Sleep quality in patients admitted to an intermediate care unit.
Title: Subjective sleep quality in healthy young adults moderates associations of sensitivity to punishment and reward with functional connectivity of regions relevant for insomnia disorder.
Title: Intra- and Inter-Regional Complexity in Multi-Channel Awake EEG Through Multivariate Multiscale Dispersion Entropy for Assessing Sleep Quality and Aging.
Title: Impact of sleep quality on disease progression in early-stage amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Title: Motherhood unveiled: examining the dynamic relationship between sleep quality and breastfeeding confidence in postpartum primiparous women in Syria: a cross-sectional study.
Title: A Systematic Review of the Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Combined With Pharmacological Intervention on Sleep Quality and Depressive Symptoms in Patients With Depression.
Title: Joint effects of physical activity and sleep quality on all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality in stroke survivors: a population-based cohort study from the UK-Biobank.
Title: A chain mediating model of the impact of physical exercise on sleep quality.
Title: Nocturia, Sleep Quality, and Mortality: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Commentary on "Effects of at-risk alcohol use on nighttime blood pressure, urinary catecholamines, and sleep quality in midlife adults".
Title: Vetiver and Orange Blossom Aid in Lowering Blood Pressure and Heart Rate and Improving Sleep Quality.
Title: The Impact of Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia on Mental Health, Sleep Quality, and Caregiver's Burden.
Title: The Role of Depression in Linking Sleep Quality and Life Quality in OSAHS Patients.
Title: Correlation between dexmedetomidine and postoperative sleep quality in older patients undergoing intestinal surgery.
Title: Predictors of Poor Sleep Quality in Heart Failure Patients: A Cross-sectional Multivariable Analysis of Clinical, Demographic, and Psychosocial Factors.
Title: Interrelationships between sleep quality, circadian phase and rapid eye movement sleep: Deriving chronotype from sleep architecture.
Title: Validation and the psychometric properties of the Persian version of the sleep quality scale for coronary care patients: a methodological survey.
Title: The effect of the 5A Self-Management Model approach on sleep quality of patients with cancer.
Title: Effect of Time-Restricted Eating on Sleep Quality and Body Composition: A Systematic Review.
Title: Smartphone addiction and sleep quality among nursing students in Meknes, Morocco: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations among smoking, sleep quality, and decline in Mini-Mental State Examination scores based on health check-up data in Japan: a case-control study.
Title: Sleep quality and nighttime sleep duration mediated the association between occupational stress and work-related musculoskeletal disorders among bus drivers.
Title: Investigation of the effect of emotional freedom technique (EFT) on sleep quality and fatigue in young people with sleep problems: Randomized controlled study.
Title: Does notifying clinicians about poor sleep quality influence patient-perceived empathy? Results from a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Smartphone addiction and sleep quality in the physical activity-anxiety link: a mediation-moderation model.
Title: Examining the Interaction Between Cognitive Reserve, Depression, and Sleep Quality: A Mixed-Method Study in an Aging Population.
Title: Sleep Quality and Insomnia Prevalence Among a Saudi Population: A Descriptive Study.
Title: Effects of the subanesthetic dose of esketamine on postoperative sleep quality in patients undergoing modified radical mastectomy: a randomized, double-blind controlled trial.
Title: Night eating syndrome prevalence and its association with sleep quality, eating patterns, and psychopathology in an Israeli community sample.
Title: Sleep quality and overall survival among cancer survivors in the Netherlands: A PROFILES registry study.
Title: Sleep quality of college students in Fujian and its influencing factors: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Association between muscular strength and sleep quality in older adults undergoing hemodialysis: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The Effectiveness of Acupressure on Sleep Quality in Cancer Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials.
Title: How anxiety and depression mediate the link between sleep quality and health perception during crisis periods.
Title: Increased fear of falling in primary Sjögren's syndrome: kinesiophobia, impaired balance and poor sleep quality as triggering factors.
Title: Does Keeping a Sleep Diary Alter the Perception of Sleep Quality? Testing Measurement Reactivity in Healthy Adults.
Title: Does the Usage Habits of Smart Wireless Devices Affect Educational Status and Sleep Quality? The Results of an Anonymous Questionnaire of Iranian High School Students.
Title: The association between problematic smartphone use and subjective well-being in Bangladeshi youths: Mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality is associated with stress in secondary school students.
Title: Effects of different types of badminton training on sleep quality, anxiety, and related baseline physiological markers in graduate students with sleep disorders: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: The Association of Sleep Duration and Sleep Quality With Depression and Anxiety Among Chinese Commercial Pilots.
Title: The association between sleep quality and anxiety symptoms: a cross-sectional study based on Tibetan university students at high altitude in China.
Title: Amount and timing of physical activity in relation to sleep quality in the general middle-aged Dutch population: A cross-sectional analysis.
Title: Characterising Potential Subtypes and Influencing Factors of Sleep Quality in Psychiatric Nurses by Latent Profile Analysis.
Title: Effectiveness of Acupuncture and Acupressure for Improving the Sleep Quality of Menopausal Women: A Meta-Analysis.
Title: NKCC1 inhibition improves sleep quality and EEG information content in a Down syndrome mouse model.
Title: Evaluation and clinical characteristics of anxiety, depression, and sleep quality among adult patients with seizure clusters.
Title: Chronotype as a potential risk factor for cognitive decline: The mediating role of sleep quality and health behaviours in a 10-year follow-up study.
Title: Short-term prospective and reciprocal relations between social anxiety symptoms and sleep quality among community-recruited adolescents.
Title: Effects of the Energy-Adjusted Dietary Inflammation Index During Pregnancy on Prenatal Depression: The Mediating Effect of Sleep Quality.
Title: Multidimensional Differences Between Athletes of Endurance, Strength, and Intermittent Sports: Body Composition, Diet, Resting Metabolic Rate, Physical Activity, Sleep Quality, and Subjective Well-Being.
Title: Influence of Sleep Quality on Recovery and Performance in Endurance and Ultra-Endurance Runners: Sex Differences Identified Through Hierarchical Clustering.
Title: Sleep Quality and Mental Health Among Medical Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The best approaches and doses of exercise for improving sleep quality: a network meta-analysis and dose-response relationship study.
Title: Clinical and psychological predictors of sleep quality in chronic migraine: a preliminary retrospective analysis study.
Title: Sleep Quality and its Daytime Effects Among University Students in the UAE.
Title: "I Don't Wake Up Completely": Older Adults' Trade-Offs Between Nighttime Ambulation Safety and Sleep Quality.
Title: Associations between subjective sleep quality and inflammatory markers in patients with treatment-resistant depression.
Title: Correction: Rahai et al. Neighborhood Greenspace, Extreme Heat Exposure, and Sleep Quality over Time among a Nationally Representative Sample of American Children. 
Title: Relationship Between Poor Sleep Quality and Body Mass Index Among University Students at Imam Mohammad Ibn Saud Islamic University.
Title: Prediction models for sleep quality among frontline medical personnel during the COVID-19 pandemic: cross-sectional study based on internet new media.
Title: Beyond Medication: The Dual Benefits of Physical Activity on Psychosis and Sleep Quality Among Male Patients with Schizophrenia.
Title: Influence of Sociodemographic, Personal, and Lifestyle Factors on Sleep Quality and Stress-Coping Strategies Among Trainees in a Tertiary Hospital.
Title: Corrigendum to "The predictors of sleep quality in mothers of children with autism spectrum disorders in the west of Iran: A path analysis" <[Heliyon Volume 11, Issue 1, January 2025, Article e41136]>.
Title: Corrigendum to "Ambient particulate matter and surrounding greenness in relation to sleep quality among pregnant women: A nationwide cohort study" [Heliyon 10 (5) (March 2024) e26742].
Title: Sex and Sleep Quality Effects on the Relationship Between Sleep Disruption and Pain Sensitivity.
Title: Digital screen time usage, prevalence of excessive digital screen time, and its association with mental health, sleep quality, and academic performance among Southern University students.
Title: Effects of sleep quality, anxiety, and depression on miscarriage among pregnant women: a multi-center prospective observational study.
Title: Internet-delivered Parent-Child Interaction Therapy and Sleep Quality in Children With Developmental Delay: Examining the Mediating Role of Bedtime Resistance Behaviors.
Title: Sleep quality in Spanish university professors: Association with lifestyle habits and physical and mental health indicators.
Title: Lifestyle and health mediators of the relationship between religious attendance and sleep quality and disorders in adults.
Title: The Relationship Between Bullying Victimization and Adolescent Sleep Quality: The Mediating Role of Anxiety and the Moderating Role of Difficulty Identifying Feelings.
Title: Mental health and sleep quality: are intuitive eating, hedonic hunger and diet quality, determinants? a cross-sectional study.
Title: Analysis of Sleep Quality Evaluation Factors Affecting Dry Eye Syndrome.
Title: Impact of living environment on sleep quality in older adults and the mediating role of depression: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index: a brief review.
Title: Association of post-stroke hemiplegic shoulder pain with sleep quality, mood, and quality of life.
Title: Exploring sleep quality, depressive symptoms, and quality of life in adults with spinal muscular atrophy.
Title: The Role of Sleep Quality and Sleepiness in the Relationship Between Cognitive Flexibility and Fatigue.
Title: Nurse-led evidence-based quality improvement programme to improve intensive care unit patient sleep quality.
Title: Transition of nighttime sleep duration and sleep quality with incident cardiovascular disease among middle-aged and older adults: results from a national cohort study.
Title: Physical activities, sedentary behavior, sleep quality, and quality of life among female medical versus nonmedical college students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Dynamic Associations Among Infant Sleep Duration, Maternal Sleep Quality and Postpartum Mood Symptoms.
Title: The moderating effect of physical activity in the relationship between sleep quality and BMI in adults with overweight and obesity.
Title: Association of sleep hygiene knowledge and physical activity with sleep quality in nursing and medical students: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality among women with head injuries due to intimate partner violence.
Title: Attentional Bias for Internet-Related Information and Emotional Information in Internet Addiction: Moderating Role of Sleep Quality.
Title: Supporting healthy development in adolescence: Technology-supported cooperative learning can reduce stress and increase sleep quality.
Title: Influence of sleep quality on aggressive behaviours: Predictive validity of the Brøset Violence Checklist-revised.
Title: Effects of Auricular Acupressure on Fatigue, Sleep Quality, Physical Activity, and Quality of Life in Pancreatic Cancer Patients Undergoing Chemotherapy: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality is Associated With Frailty Among Women With and Without HIV.
Title: [Relationship between sleep quality and the risk of all-cause mortality in elderly people aged 60 and above in Shanghai: a prospective cohort study].
Title: Serum BDNF, depressive symptoms, sleep quality, and cognitive function: a study on their impact and predictive value for suicidal ideation in bipolar depressive disorder patients.
Title: [Association between environmental noise exposure and sleep quality in adults living in Medellín, Colombia, 2022: an exploratory study].
Title: Association between sleep quality and MCI in older adult patients with multimorbidity.
Title: Sleep Quality of Patients on a General Department During the First Days of Hospitalization.
Title: A double blinded randomized placebo trial of Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis BLa80 on sleep quality and gut microbiota in healthy adults.
Title: An examination of the effectiveness of mindfulness-integrated cognitive behavior therapy on depression, anxiety, stress and sleep quality in Iranian women with breast cancer: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Impact of a Sleep-Promoting Schedule on Sleep Quality in the Intensive Care Unit.
Title: Prediction of Sleep Quality in Cancer Survivors Based on Arousal, Pain, and Worry: The Mediating Role of Dysfunctional Beliefs and Attitudes About Sleep.
Title: Assessing Self-reported and Device-Derived Sleep Quality in a Sample of Older Adults with Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain.
Title: Assessment of Depression and Its Association With Sleep Quality Among the General Population of Perambalur in Tamil Nadu, India: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
Title: "Investigation of the Effect of Sleep Hygiene Training on Obstructive Sleep Apnea Symptoms, Fatigue, and Sleep Quality In Patients With Atrial Fibrillation".
Title: A study on the effect of fibromyalgia severity on sleep quality using inflammatory markers.
Title: Objective Sleep Quality in Diverse Older Adults: the Importance of Race and Ethnicity and Sex.
Title: Prevalence and Associated Factors of Poor Sleep Quality Among Nurses in a Tertiary Care Hospital: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Daily associations between sleep quality, stress, and cannabis or alcohol use among veterans.
Title: Short-time resistance training enhances sleep quality in obese and non-obese young women.
Title: Poor sleep quality was associated with increased plasma aldosterone concentration in community dwellers, a cross-sectional study.
Title: The Association Between Poor Sleep Quality and Lipid Levels Among Dyslipidemia Patients in Thailand: A Prospective Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Risk Factors for Poor Sleep Quality and Subjective Cognitive Decline in Older Adults Living in the United States During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Pilot Study on the Effect of Cannabidiol-Coated Fabric for Pillow Covers Improves the Sleep Quality of Shift Nurses.
Title: Assessment of the Relationship Between Internet Addiction, Psychological Well-Being, and Sleep Quality: A Cross-Sectional Study Involving Adult Population.
Title: The Complex Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Job Satisfaction: A Machine Learning-Based Bayesian Rule Set Algorithm.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors in teachers.
Title: Relationship between dysfunctional beliefs and attitudes about sleep and mental health in medical staff: the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: Pain burden and sleep quality in community-dwelling adults aged ≥50 years in Ghana: potential psychosomatic mechanisms.
Title: Associations among sleep quality, sleep duration, and Alzheimer's disease biomarkers: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Secondary Analysis of Helplessness, Depressive Symptoms, and Sleep Quality on Health Status: A Moderated Mediation Analysis.
Title: Association between internet addiction and sleep quality in medical students: a longitudinal study.
Title: Corrigendum to "Self-reported neighborhood stressors and sleep quality among Puerto Rican young adults".
Title: Liposomal Lactoferrin Reduces Brain Neuroinflammation in Rats and Alleviates Jetlag and Improves Sleep Quality After Long-Haul Travel.
Title: Mapping the Neural Basis of Wake Onset Regularity and Its Effects on Sleep Quality and Positive Affect.
Title: Subjective daytime sleepiness, not sleep quality or hypoxia, predicts sleep-dependent memory consolidation in a cohort of older adults.
Title: The effect of aromatherapy applied to pregnant women on sleep quality and fatigue level: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: Association between restless legs syndrome and sleep quality in Peruvian medical students.
Title: Effects of mindfulness and sleep quality on self-efficacy of clinical decision making among resident physicians: an observational study.
Title: Overall Sleep Quality Is Associated With Advanced Stages in Patients With Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Syndrome.
Title: The potential impact of habitual sleep quality on glycaemic control and inflammation: A study on geriatric patients recently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).
Title: Gender differences in the association of sleep quality with perceived physical and mental health in Iranian elderly.
Title: The impact of lifestyle sports on the sleep quality of depressed high school students in Jiangsu Province, China: based on cross-sectional study.
Title: Autonomic function classification and sleep quality among young adults in Central Java, Indonesia: A cluster analysis.
Title: Comparison of Effects of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 Receptor Agonists Compared to Long-Acting Insulin, Added to Oral Anti-Diabetic Agents on Self-Management Behaviors, Anxiety, and Sleep Quality in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Title: The mediating effects of sleep quality in the relationship between loneliness and depression among middle-aged and older adults.
Title: The network analysis of learning burnout and sleep quality among medical students during online learning in China.
Title: Caregiver Sleep Quality and Depression: The Roles of Dementia Caregiving, Support Availability, and Rural-Urban Contexts.
Title: Association between sleep quality and mild cognitive impairment in Chinese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Daily Dynamics of Parental Sleep Quality and Parenting in Chinese Families of Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Title: Impaired sleep quality mediates the relationship between internet gaming disorder and conduct problems among adolescents: a three-wave longitudinal study.
Title: Psychological profiles and sleep quality differences between patients with persistent idiopathic facial pain and trigeminal neuralgia: a 7-year retrospective study.
Title: The influence of affective temperaments on sleep quality in a general population sample. Data report from the CHRIS study.
Title: Preliminary data examining associations of fatigue subtypes with pain, pain interference, sleep quality, and affect across 14 days in adolescents with chronic musculoskeletal pain and pain-free controls.
Title: Cardio-metabolic health and sleep quality in adults at risk for Type 2 Diabetes using the Fos Biomedical Non-Transdermal Patch System via photo-biomodulation: A randomized, placebo-controlled crossover trial.
Title: Sleep quality and job satisfaction in Spanish nurses: the consequences of COVID-19.
Title: The Effect of Pain Treatment on Fatigue and Sleep Quality in Children and Adolescents-A Longitudinal Study.
Title: The effect of MediYoga on sleep-quality, blood pressure and quality of life among older people with hypertension: study protocol of a pragmatic randomized controlled trial.
Title: The influence of cumulative and dimensional childhood adversity on maternal sleep quality.
Title: Effects of suggestion therapy on mood and sleep quality in middle-aged women with depression.
Title: Harmonizing the mind and body: The interrelationship between traditional Chinese medicine body constitution, mental health and sleep quality.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and resilience among intensive care unit nurses: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality, frailty components and body composition of community-dwelling older adults: An exploratory study.
Title: The association between sleep quality and telomere attrition: A systematic review and meta-analysis comprising 400,212 participants.
Title: Pregabalin for sleep quality and postoperative pain: a potential strategy for long-term recovery.
Title: Innovative Analysis of the Interconnected Network Structure Between Anxiety and Sleep Quality Among College Students.
Title: Influence of Probiotic Bifidobacterium Capsules on Sleep Quality in Patients on Maintenance Hemodialysis.
Title: The Effect of Meditation-Based Mind-Body Interventions on Older Adults with Poor Sleep Quality: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: The Influence of Gender and Length of Therapy Use on Sleep Quality in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Sleep Quality of Persons with Dementia and Family Caregivers in Korean Americans: Wearable Technology to Study the Dyadic Association.
Title: The Effects of Biofeedback Intervention on Negative Emotions and Sleep Quality in Children With Leukemia Receiving Invasive Procedures and Their Caregivers: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Poor sleep quality in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Title: Night eating behavior as a full mediator in the relationship between impulsivity and sleep quality in bipolar disorder.
Title: Lifestyle and Job-Related Factors Associated with Sleep Quality: Gender-Specific Insights from Taiwanese Hospital Physicians.
Title: Association between Sleep Quality and Periodontal Status: A Case-Control Study.
Title: Assessing Sleep Quality and Influencing Factors Among Medical Undergraduates: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Comparative Effectiveness of Noninvasive Brain Stimulation for the Treatment of Pain, Fatigue, and Sleep Quality in Fibromyalgia. A Systematic Review With Network Meta-Analysis.
Title: Associations of employment status, working time and job satisfaction with sleep duration and sleep quality among the 50+ population in Japan.
Title: Subjective sleep quality and its subcomponents among homeless individuals in São Paulo.
Title: Corrigendum to "Alcohol and cannabis as sleep aids among adolescents and associations with sleep quality and problematic use" [Addict. Behav. 165 (2025) 108304].
Title: Sleep quality vs. mental health: A complex relationship with psychosis.
Title: The effect of an educative-supportive program based on the continuous care model on daily living activities and sleep quality in peoples with epilepsy.
Title: Comparison of diaphragmatic breathing relaxation training and cognitive-behavioral therapy on sleep quality in the elderly: a randomized clinical trial.
Title: Treatments for enhancing sleep quality in fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Fatigue, sleep quality, depression symptoms, and antiseizure medication resistance in patients with newly diagnosed epilepsy.
Title: The effect of Gyrokinesis exercise on fatigue and sleep quality in female office workers.
Title: Sleep quality and duration and frailty in older adults: a systematic review.
Title: The Impacts of Poor Sleep Quality on Knee Pain and Quality of Life in Young Adults: Insights From a Population-based Cohort.
Title: Bidirectional Relationships Between Sleep Quality and Cognitive Function in Older Chinese Adults: Observational Analysis of SAWA Trial.
Title: Agreement analysis of subjective and objective sleep quality in adolescents with mood disorders.
Title: Investigating the link between sleep quality and belief in conspiracy theories.
Title: The relationship between benevolent childhood experiences and depression among Chinese university students: the serial mediating role of family relationships and sleep quality.
Title: REM sleep quality is associated with balanced tonic activity of the locus coeruleus during wakefulness.
Title: The Association of Sleep Quality and Internet Addiction With Health Status in Hospital Nurses.
Title: Unraveling sleep quality in menopausal women: objective assessments and self-reported experiences - a mini-review.
Title: The mediating roles of cognitive emotion regulation and resilience in the association between life events and sleep quality among medical students.
Title: The mediating role of cognitive arousal in the relationship between impulsivity and sleep quality among college students: a random intercept cross-lagged panel analysis.
Title: Monitoring Sleep Quality Through Low α-Band Activity in the Prefrontal Cortex Using a Portable Electroencephalogram Device: Longitudinal Study.
Title: The Mediating Role of Sleep Quality in the Relationship Between Quick-Return Shift Work Schedules and Work-Family Conflict: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality in an Asthmatic Adult Population in Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of a Novel Fortified Dairy Product on the Psychological Status and Sleep Quality of Patients with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effects of at-risk alcohol use on nighttime blood pressure, urinary catecholamines, and sleep quality in midlife adults.
Title: Association between possible bruxism, sleep quality, depression, anxiety and stress by gender. A cross-sectional study in a Spanish sample.
Title: Poor sleep quality and associated factors among community-dwelling older adult at Gondar town.
Title: Effect of high-intensity interval training exercise on sleep quality in women with probable post-traumatic stress disorder: A pilot randomized controlled trial.
Title: The effects of aromatherapy massage with mint and sweet almond oils on the sleep quality of patients with traumatic brain injury admitted to intensive care unit: a randomized clinical trial.
Title: Associations of fruit and vegetable intake with sleep quality and stress among Hong Kong female nurses with different working status: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Association of work ability with job burnout and sleep quality among biosafety laboratory personnel in Xinjiang, China: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effectiveness of an 
Title: The relationship between smartphone addiction and sleep quality in older adults: the mediating role of loneliness and depression.
Title: Effectiveness of Acupressure on Sleep Quality Among Inpatients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Examining the association between perceived racism and sleep quality: The mediating role of rumination.
Title: Evaluation of The Impact of Hypocretin Receptor 1 rs2271933 Polymorphism on Sleep Components in Chronic Migraine Patients with Poor Sleep Quality: A Subgroup Analysis.
Title: Effect of a structured Orem's self-care model nursing intervention on sleep quality and academic self-efficacy in nursing students.
Title: The sleep quality in women with surgical menopause compared to natural menopause based on Ardakan Cohort Study on Aging (ACSA).
Title: Elucidating the chrononutrition patterns and sleep quality among subfertile patients with different vitamin D levels.
Title: Are sleep and awake bruxism associated with sleep quality and duration in adults? A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Bidirectional Relationships Between Sleep Quality and Nicotine Vaping: Studying Young Adult e-cigarette Users in Real Time and Real Life.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality Worsens Static and Dynamic Balance Control in Individuals With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The indirect effect of sleep quality on stress-related psychosocial outcomes in adolescents: an investigation across genders.
Title: Adolescent campus bullying and non-suicide self-injury: chain mediating effect of negative affect and sleep quality.
Title: Predicting Sleep Quality via Unsupervised Learning of Cardiac Activity.
Title: Preoperative Surgical Fear, Postoperative Pain, and Sleep Quality in Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery Patients: A Descriptive and Correlational Study.
Title: Impact of different types of physical exercise on sleep quality in older population with insomnia: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials.
Title: Factors associated with sleep quality among medical students in Vietnam: a national cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations of objectively measured physical activity and sedentary behavior with sleep quality in college students.
Title: How to Improve Sleep Quality in Patients With Cancer-Related Fatigue.
Title: Associations between mobile phone involvement, BMI levels, and sleep quality among Chinese university students: evidence from a multi-regional large-scale survey.
Title: Effects of gamified versus pedometer-based walking intervention on physical activity, fatigue, and sleep quality among hemodialysis patients: a quasi-experimental study.
Title: Poor sleep quality and its determinants among stroke survivors in Northwest Ethiopia.
Title: A comparative analysis of the effects of knowledge-attitude-practice nursing on mental state, sleep quality, and self-efficacy in cancer patients.
Title: Effects of pharmacological therapy on sleep quality in a postoperative setting: A systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Title: A study on the relationship between high school students' sleep quality, physical exercise, academic stress, and subjective well-being.
Title: Postpartum sleep quality and physical activity profiles following elective cesarean delivery: a longitudinal prospective cohort pilot study utilizing a wearable actigraphy device.
Title: Impact of simulated animated video education on patients' disease uncertainty, anxiety, and sleep quality in digestive endoscopy examination.
Title: The Mediating Effect of Sleep Quality on the Relationship Between Depression and Sense of Control in Women in the Third Trimester of Pregnancy: A Cross-Sectional Survey Study.
Title: Effect of sleep quality on weaning from mechanical ventilation: A scoping review.
Title: Social Support and Sleep Quality Among Bereaved AD/ADRD Caregivers: A Qualitative Study.
Title: The relationship between post-traumatic stress disorder and sleep quality in intensive care unit professionals.
Title: Effect of a mindfulness program on stress, anxiety, depression, sleep quality, social support, and life satisfaction: a quasi-experimental study in college students.
Title: Does fear of death mediate the link between intolerance of uncertainty and sleep quality? Insights from earthquake survivors in containers.
Title: Autobiographical memory specificity and objective sleep quality: the role of preschool stress.
Title: The effect of mediterranean diet and chrononutrition on sleep quality: a scoping review.
Title: Plasma IL-1β Concentration Associates with Sleep Quality and Cognitive Functions in Men with Prostate Cancer.
Title: The Impact of Physical Exercise on Sleep Quality Among College Students: The Chain Mediating Effects of Perceived Stress and Ruminative Thinking.
Title: [Respiratory sleep monitoring and sleep quality questionnaire survey of Class Ⅱ malocclusion adolescents before and after functional orthodontic treatment].
Title: Validation of Psychometric Tools for Assessing Fatigue, Mood, and Sleep Quality: Application in the PREVES-STOP Study.
Title: Mental Health in Young Adult University Students During COVID-19 Lockdown: Associations with Physical Activity, Sedentary Behaviors and Sleep Quality.
Title: Improved Sleep Quality and Sleep Duration After an 8-Week Exergaming Intervention for Exercise Training Among Elementary Schoolchildren in Taiwan.
Title: Effectiveness of Exercise on Sleep Quality in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Physical Exercise and Sleep Quality Among Chinese College Students: The Mediating Role of Self-Control and the Moderating Role of Mindfulness.
Title: Alcohol and cannabis as sleep aids among adolescents and associations with sleep quality and problematic use.
Title: Nurses' Perspectives on the Sleep Quality of Hospitalized Patients in Al Ahsa, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Impact of Whole-Body Cryotherapy on Pain, Sleep Quality, Functional Status, and Quality of Life in Multiple Sclerosis: A Comparative Study with Follow-Up.
Title: Predictors of Poor Sleep Quality in Elderly Individuals in Western Iran: A Population-Based Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of Chinese traditional ethnic sports on sleep quality among the elderly: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors in Latin American medical students: a cross-sectional and multicenter study.
Title: Nursing students' personality traits, sleep quality, social media addiction, and academic performance: A multi-site structural equation model analysis.
Title: Associations of Frailty Status and Sleep Quality With Incident Delirium: A Prospective Study in the UK Biobank.
Title: Long sleep duration and good sleep quality reduced incident peptic ulcer disease in a large Taiwanese population follow-up study.
Title: Correction to "Sleep Quality in Children With Hepatic Glycogen Storage Diseases, a Prospective Observational Pilot Study".
Title: Reciprocal causation relationship between rumination thinking and sleep quality: a resting-state fMRI study.
Title: Sleep quality and mental health among medical students in Imphal, Manipur: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality, anxiety, and depression in palliative care patients.
Title: The Effect of Early-Initiated Half-Swaddling and Kangaroo Care Practices on Maternal Sleep Quality and Postpartum Depression in Term Infants: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Predicting sleep quality among college students during COVID-19 lockdown using a LASSO-based neural network model.
Title: Prevalence of poor sleep quality among stroke survivors: A meta-analysis and systematic review.
Title: Examination of the relationship between the empathic tendencies and sleep quality of caregivers of cancer patients.
Title: Association Between Alcohol Use Patterns and Insomnia Symptoms or Poor Sleep Quality Among Adult Women: An Internet Cross-Sectional Survey in Japan.
Title: The effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on sleep quality in patients with more than mild depressive mood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association between sleep quality and premenstrual syndrome in young women in a cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations between psychological inflexibility processes, pre-sleep arousal and sleep quality.
Title: 
Title: Factors influencing sleep quality in healthcare workers: The mediating role of depression and anxiety symptoms.
Title: Longitudinal association between sleep quality and fatigue during pregnancy: an observational cohort study.
Title: Cardiopulmonary coupling estimated sleep quality and memory in children with obstructive sleep-disordered breathing.
Title: Use of a wearable device to improve sleep quality.
Title: Effect of improving sleep quality the night before surgery with zolpidem on postoperative gastrointestinal function in patients undergoing laparoscopic partial colorectal resection: a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial.
Title: The effect of intolerance of uncertainty, sleep quality, and social support on caregiver burden in parents of children with chronic diseases: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Association between shift work and eating behaviours, sleep quality, and mental health among Italian workers.
Title: Cognition and objective sleep quality in post-COVID-19 patients.
Title: The effects of lutein/ zeaxanthin (Lute-gen
Title: Enhancing sleep quality in synucleinopathies through physical exercise.
Title: Association between migraine severity and sleep quality: a nationwide cross-sectional study.
Title: Correlation between changes of sleep quality and brain functional connectivity patterns in COVID-19 patients: A three-month longitudinal cohort study.
Title: Effect of isotretinoin treatment on sleep quality in acne vulgaris patients.
Title: The Impact of Poor Sleep Quality on Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Quality of Life.
Title: Effects of otolaryngological diseases on sleep quality, anxiety, and depression: a multicenter observational study.
Title: The impact of collaborative pain management by healthcare providers on sleep quality and self-efficacy in perioperative lumbar surgery patients.
Title: Comparison of the effect of Kegel plus abdominal exercises and Kegel only exercises on urinary incontinence severity, quality of life, and sleep quality in postmenopausal women with stress urinary incontinence: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: A systematic review and meta-analysis of psychological treatments to improve sleep quality in university students.
Title: Falling Asleep on the Job: The Efficacy of a Short App-Based Mindfulness Intervention to Improve Sleep Quality and Quantity Within the Workforce.
Title: Delayed Effects of Different Velocity Loss-Based Resistance Training on Autonomic Regulation, Sleep Quality and Muscle Soreness.
Title: Occupational risk factors for sleep quality among Serbian airline pilots.
Title: Sedentary Behavior and Its Association With Psychological Well-Being and Sleep Quality in Adolescents: Evidence from a Propensity Score Analysis.
Title: The effect of sleep quality on learning engagement of junior high school students: the moderating role of mental health.
Title: [Effects of 
Title: The Impact of Preoperative Visits Using the Omaha System on Patients Undergoing Transurethral Resection of the Prostate: Improvement in Sleep Quality and Negative Psychological Aspects.
Title: Associations Between Domains and Patterns of Sedentary Behavior with Sleep Quality and Duration in Pregnant Women.
Title: Sleep Quality and Cognitive Impairments in Children and Adolescents with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and/or Depressive Symptoms.
Title: Is the heart rate dipping pattern associated with sleep quality during an ambulatory blood pressure monitoring? A cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations among sleep quality, cognitive processing therapy, and posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms in a primary care setting.
Title: A Preliminary Examination of the Associations Between Sleep Quality and Body Dysmorphia Symptoms Among Two Separate Samples of Adolescents.
Title: The Joint Association of Sleep Quality and Outdoor Activity with Asthma and Allergic Rhinitis in Children: A Cross-Sectional Study in Shanghai.
Title: Reply to letter regarding "Comparison of Dexamethasone at Three Doses Administered Postoperatively for Improving Pain Control and Sleep Quality in Patients Who Underwent Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Triple Blind Randomized Controlled Trial".
Title: Interplay among sleep quality, dinner timing, and blood glucose control in users of advanced technologies: A study in a cohort of adults with type 1 diabetes.
Title: Joint Association of Physical Activity and Sleep Quality With Blood Pressure Control in Patients With Hypertension in Douala, Cameroon.
Title: Impact of Mobile Phone Usage on Sleep Quality Among Medical Students Across Latin America: Multicenter Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The effect of music therapy on anxiety, depression, pain and sleep quality of lung cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association of Poor Sleep Quality With Adverse Outcomes in Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Comparing self reported and physiological sleep quality from consumer devices to depression and neurocognitive performance.
Title: The Effect of CALM Intervention on Negative Emotions and Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Endocrine Therapy for Breast Cancer.
Title: Pathway linking nutritional status to cognitive function in older adults with chronic diseases: Exploring the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: The effect of nursing care provided to coronary intensive care patients according to their circadian rhythms on sleep quality, pain, anxiety, and delirium: a randomised controlled trial.
Title: Poor sleep quality and associated factors among HIV-positive and negative postpartum women in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: a comparative cross-sectional study.
Title: Sexual dysfunction in female patients with multiple sclerosis: relationship with functional status, fatigue, depression, sleep quality, and quality of life.
Title: Effect of sleep quality on the severity of perimenstrual symptoms in Japanese female students: a cross-sectional, online survey.
Title: Effect of d-β-hydroxybutyrate on sleep quality in healthy participants: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Title: Good sleep quality shields older adults from depressive symptoms linked to isolation: Comparing online and in-person social connections.
Title: Development of an exercise program to improve sleep quality and mood in older adults with mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Can good sleep quality enhance the benefits of oral collagen supplementation in the prevention of skin aging? A brief report.
Title: The effect of 
Title: Mental health, sleep quality and quality of life in individuals with and without multiple health conditions during home quarantine in India due to the COVID-19 pandemic: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality during pregnancy following assisted reproductive technology and natural conceiving: a prospective birth cohort study.
Title: Physical activity and happiness of college students: chain mediating role of exercise attitude and sleep quality.
Title: Interactions Between Anesthesia and Sleep: Optimizing Perioperative Care to Improve Sleep Quality and Surgical Recovery Outcomes.
Title: The Effect of Massage, Acupressure and Reflexology on Restless Legs Syndrome Severity and Sleep Quality in Patients Receiving Haemodialysis Treatment: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Analysis of Sleep Quality Categories and Associated Factors in Patients on Hemodialysis.
Title: Determinants of sleep quality in individuals with musculoskeletal pain and its effects on fatigue, attention, cognition, and physical performance.
Title: Relationship between sleep quality and dietary nutrients in rural elderly individuals: a latent class analysis.
Title: Unveiling the Burden of Pruritus: Its Prevalence and Impact on Sleep Quality in Hemodialysis Patients in Somalia.
Title: Association Between Non-adherence to Diabetes Management and Poor Sleep Quality Based on the Korean Community Health Survey.
Title: Self-control moderates the impacts of physical activity on the sleep quality of university students.
Title: Authors' Reply: Advancing Insights Into Postoperative Sleep Quality and Influencing Factors.
Title: Advancing Insights Into Postoperative Sleep Quality and Influencing Factors.
Title: Effect of Calisthenics on Sleep Quality and Well-Being Among Older Adults.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality in Clinical Practice.
Title: Network structure of sleep quality and its bridging association with anhedonia in adolescent major depression disorder.
Title: Relationship Between Preoperative Fasting Duration and Anxiety Levels With Postoperative Pain, Nausea-Vomiting, and Sleep Quality in Orthopedic Surgical Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The relationship between pain, sleep quality, and care dependency in older adults living in a long-term care facility.
Title: Association of poor sleep quality with clinical variables in nontuberculous mycobacterial pulmonary disease.
Title: Better objective sleep quality is associated with higher gut microbiota richness in older adults.
Title: Inadequate sleep hygiene as a key factor in poor sleep quality in systemic sclerosis: an observational, cross-sectional study.
Title: Subjective sleep quality, but not objective sleep measures, mediates the relationship between pre-sleep worrying and affective wellbeing.
Title: Investigating the relationship between prenatal androgen exposure and sleep quality: a comprehensive study using anthropometric measurements, questionnaires, actigraphy, and polysomnography.
Title: Exploring the link between dietary inflammatory index, inflammatory biomarkers, and sleep quality in adults with obesity: a pilot investigation.
Title: Associations Between Depression, Sleep Quality, Alcohol Craving, and Alcohol-Related Consequences Among Emerging Adults.
Title: Pediatric Sleep Quality and Parental Stress in Neuromuscular Disorders: Descriptive Analytical Study.
Title: Poor sleep quality remains a major challenge among tertiary education students in Ghana: A cross-sectional study in a Ghanaian University.
Title: The relationship between nurses' Internet addictions, sleep quality and sleepiness.
Title: Pre-treatment subjective sleep quality as a predictive biomarker of tDCS effects in preclinical Alzheimer's disease patients: Secondary analysis of a randomised clinical trial.
Title: Challenges of poor sleep quality and mental health issues among Syrian medical residents in 22 major hospitals across Syria.
Title: Personalized Sleep Hygiene and Structured Rest Interventions Improve Sleep Quality and Energy in a Rotating Shift Worker: A Case Report.
Title: Utility of a Wearable Tracker to Assess Sleep Quality in Nurses and Their Spouses: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Title: Adverse childhood experiences, sleep quality/duration and later-life lower extremity function among older adults in China: evidence from CHARLS.
Title: The relationship between perceived stress and job burnout of police officers during the COVID-19 pandemic: the mediating role of social support, sleep quality and resilience.
Title: Association between sleep quality and serum biomarkers among long-term hot spring bathers: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The Effects of Pranayama and Deep Breathing Exercises on Pain and Sleep Quality After Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy.
Title: Anxiety and Depression Affect Sleep Quality: A Preliminary Investigation in Crowdsourced Samples of Autistic and Non-Autistic Adults.
Title: The impact of sleep interventions combined with enhanced nutritional support on sleep quality, nutritional status, pain management, psychological well-being, and quality of life in postoperative colon cancer patients.
Title: Sleep Quality Among a Sample of Medical Students and the Association with Academic Performance: An Updated Data.
Title: The Mediating Role of Cognitive Reappraisal on Bedtime Procrastination and Sleep Quality in Higher Educational Context: A Three-Wave Longitudinal Study.
Title: Sleep quality in lung cancer and specifically non-small-cell lung cancer: a rapid review.
Title: The Impact of Sleep Position Preferences on the Sleep Quality, Comfort and Catheter Care Quality in Patients After Endoscopic Nasobiliary Drainage: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality, Nutritional Habits, and Physical Activity in Pediatric Cancer Survivors: A Dyadic Analysis Approach.
Title: Processed Food Consumption and Sleep Quality in School-Aged Children: Insights from a Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality Among Patients and Healthcare Providers in the Primary Healthcare Setting.
Title: The Impact of Relaxation Massage Prior to Bedtime on Sleep Quality and Quantity in People with Symptoms of Chronic Insomnia: A Home-Based Sleep Study.
Title: The Effect of Coenzyme Q10 on Tinnitus Severity and Sleep Quality in Patients with Presbycusis.
Title: Can Dietary Acid Load in Obese Adolescents Interfere with Cardiometabolic Risk, Psychological Resilience and Sleep Quality?
Title: Comment on: "Global prevalence of poor sleep quality in cancer patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis".
Title: Improving Sleep Quality and Well-Being in Institutionalized Older Adults: The Potential of NESA Non-Invasive Neuromodulation Treatment.
Title: Nurses' Sleep Quality and Its Influencing Factors During the First Explosive COVID-19 Outbreak in Zhejiang, China, After the Relaxation of Epidemic Prevention and Control Measures: A Multicentre Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Testing the relationships of hope and negotiable fate with sleep quality among university students in Hong Kong.
Title: Sleep quality and cognitive functioning among Chinese older adults living in the US: a mixed-effects model analysis.
Title: Can a brief guided nature walk reduce distress and improve resilience, mindful attention, and sleep quality? Evidence from a pilot study with two-week follow-up.
Title: Individual associations of self-reported sleep duration, sleep quality, chronotype and social jet lag with infectious disease risk.
Title: Social support, fear of cancer recurrence and sleep quality in breast cancer: A moderated network analysis.
Title: The overlooked factor: Sleep quality in assessing malnutrition risk and nutritional status in adolescents with cystic fibrosis.
Title: Exploring the association between sleep quality, internet addiction, and related factors among adolescents in Dakshinkali Municipality, Nepal.
Title: Prevalence of Stress, Anxiety, Depression, and Sleep Quality Among Young Adults in Turkiye: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Inclusion of hypocretin-1 improved performance of poor sleep quality prediction for elderly patients with acute ischemic stroke: a prospective cohort study.
Title: Internet Gaming Disorder and Sleep Quality among Jordanian University Students: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Influence of sedentary behavior on sleep quality in postmenopausal women in high-altitude regions of China: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Social network site addiction, sleep quality, depression and adolescent difficulty describing feelings: a moderated mediation model.
Title: Surgical fear and sleep quality effect the postoperative quality of recovery in patients undergoing brain tumor surgery: cross sectional study.
Title: The Effect of auriculotherapy on sleep quality in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a randomized clinical trial.
Title: Investigation of Sleep Quality and Intolerance of Uncertainty in Liver Transplant Recipients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Comprehensive nursing interventions enhance sleep quality in patients with arrhythmia following AMI.
Title: Test-retest reliability of the Arabic version of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index.
Title: The effect of a students led caregiving support program on depression, sleep quality and quality of life of the caregivers and patients with stroke.
Title: Improving sleep quality in maternity patients in a Singapore academic hospital: a best practice implementation project.
Title: A study on sleep quality under the shadow of school bullying: The interwoven effects of depressed mood, low self-esteem, and negative parenting practices.
Title: Sleep quality and physical fitness as modifiable contributors of fatigue in childhood cancer survivors.
Title: Association between physical activity practice and sleep quality of older people in social isolation during the COVID-19 pandemic and Health Guidelines and future studies for the post-COVID period: a systematic review.
Title: Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation is associated with poor sleep quality: Tamagawa cross-sectional study on the relationship between lifestyle and atrial fibrillation (TAMAGAWA-AF study).
Title: Sleep quality and cognitive function on self-rated health status among the elderly: Findings from the Indonesian family life survey (IFLS-5).
Title: Impact of family care on sleep quality in perimenopausal women: mediating roles of anxiety and depression.
Title: Efficacy of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Combined with Jacobson Progressive Muscle Relaxation in Improving Sleep Quality and Overall Well-Being in Hemodialysis Patients with Insomnia: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Changes in Sleep Quality in Patients Older than 60 Years, Post-COVID Pandemic.
Title: A Single Night in Hypoxia Either with or without Ketone Ester Ingestion Reduces Sleep Quality without Impacting Next-Day Exercise Performance.
Title: Impact of sleep quality on academic achievements of undergraduate medical students: a cross-sectional study from Saudi Arabia.
Title: The relationship between fatigue, sleep quality, and sleep deprivation.
Title: The Effects of Adding Probiotic, Alone and in Combination With Zinc, to Routine Treatment on Recurrence of Hepatic Encephalopathy, Quality of Life, and Sleep Quality in Patients With Cirrhosis: An Open-Label Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep Quality of Morbidly Obese Patients After Bariatric Surgery.
Title: Correction: Psychometric properties of the Turkish version of modified Freedman questionnaire for sleep quality.
Title: 4-Week intervention combining kiwifruit consumption and small-sided soccer games improves sleep quality in children with overweight/obesity and pre-existing sleep problems.
Title: The effect of social media use on suicidal ideation in college students: Mediation by daytime sleepiness and sleep quality.
Title: The role of sleep quality in mediating the relationship between habenula volume and resilience.
Title: Prediction of physiological status, community participation, and daily activity function to sleep quality for outpatient dynapenic older people.
Title: Sleep quality and duration as predictors of alcohol and cannabis use motives in daily life.
Title: The Use of Principal Component Analysis for Reduction in Sleep Quality and Quantity Data in Female Professional Soccer.
Title: Effects of nursing interventions applied at night on sleep quality and sleep effort of patients in the intensive care unit.
Title: Comparative analysis of warm needle moxibustion and gua sha nursing care on sleep quality and psychological stress in insomnia patients undergoing eszopiclone tablet treatment: A retrospective study.
Title: The relationship between professional quality of life and sleep quality among nurses working in intensive care units: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effects of sleep quality on the risk of various long COVID symptoms among older adults following infection: an observational study.
Title: The effects of mandibular setback surgery on the upper airway and sleep quality in skeletal Class III patients and comparison with control subjects: a pilot study.
Title: Effects of White Noise Intervention on Sleep Quality and Immunological Indicators of Patients with Breast Cancer Undergoing Neoadjuvant Chemotherapy.
Title: Effect of the Levels and Sources of Noise on the Sleep Quality of Conscious Patients in Emergency Intensive Care Unit.
Title: The Relationship Between Psychological Distress and Sleep Quality Among Middle-Aged and Older Adults: The Moderating Effect of Gender.
Title: The Relationship Between Parental Childhood Maltreatment and Children's Sleep Quality: An Intergenerational Perspective.
Title: Impact of PM
Title: Determinants of sleep quality and their impact on health outcomes: a cross-sectional study on night-shift nurses.
Title: Lumbar spinal stenosis and surgical decompression affect sleep quality and position in patients. A prospective cross-sectional cohort study.
Title: Enhancing the psychological well-being and sleep quality of healthcare providers with a multimodal psychological support program: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: The efficacy of lavender oil on fatigue and sleep quality in patients with hematological malignancy receiving chemotherapy: a single-blind randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality and risk of obstructive sleep apnea in psoriasis and hidradenitis suppurativa patients.
Title: Trauma history and persistent poor objective and subjective sleep quality among midlife women.
Title: Changes in Sleep Quality After Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Systematic Review.
Title: Sleep quality and coping styles among nurses working in tertiary cancer institutions: a mixed-method study.
Title: The Improvement in Sleep Quality by Zizyphi Semen in Rodent Models Through GABAergic Transmission Regulation.
Title: Sex Differences in Sleep Profiles and the Effect of Elexacaftor/Tezacaftor/Ivacaftor on Sleep Quality in Adult People with Cystic Fibrosis: A Prospective Observational Study.
Title: Effect of splinting and kinesiotaping treatments on functional status, sleep quality and median nerve cross-sectional area in carpal tunnel syndrome: A single blind prospective randomized controlled study.
Title: Relationship between Cellphone Overuse with Sleep Quality and Self-efficacy in Clinical Performance of Nurse and Midwifery Students.
Title: Simple Subjective Sleep Quality and Blood Pressure in Individuals With Optimal Sleep Duration: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Factors Affecting Sleep Quality in Community-Dwelling Older Adults, Based on Spielman's 3P Model of Insomnia.
Title: Poor sleep quality is common and independently associated with disease activity and poor quality of life in inflammatory bowel disease: a long-term follow-up study.
Title: The predictors of sleep quality in mothers of children with autism spectrum disorders in the west of Iran: A path analysis.
Title: Fatigue and Pruritus Impact Sleep Quality in Hemodialysis Patients.
Title: Promethazine is not a good option to aid sleep quality, especially for people using psychiatric services.
Title: The interplay between sleep quality, hedonic hunger, and adherence to the Mediterranean diet among early adolescents.
Title: Effects of acupuncture and foot reflexology on sleep quality in patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia: A clinical trial.
Title: Frailty as a mediator between sleep quality and cognitive impairment among the rural older adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Latent profiles and determinants of postoperative sleep quality in elective surgery patients.
Title: The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) Applied to Cancer Patients: Psychometric Properties and Factors Affecting Sleep Quality.
Title: Sleep quality and the integrity of ascending reticular activating system - A multimodal MRI study.
Title: Effects of physical activity on sleep quality among university students: chain mediation between rumination and depression levels.
Title: Impact of smartphone addiction on health status, mental well-being, and sleep quality among medical students in Sudan.
Title: Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Scholastic Performance in Dental Undergraduate Students-A Scoping Review.
Title: Siesta characteristics mediated the association between siesta duration and sleep quality in Chinese incoming college freshmen.
Title: The Cross-Sectional Association Between Multimorbidity and Sleep Quality and Duration Among the Elderly Community Dwellers in Northwest China.
Title: The Effects of Sleep Hygiene Education on Sleep Quality, Pain, and Depression in Individuals With Fibromyalgia.
Title: Association of sleep quality and its change with the risk of depression in middle-aged and elderly people: A 10-year cohort study from England.
Title: Cognitive risk and behaviour related to the effects of mobile phone use on sleep quality: an analysis of data from Chinese college students.
Title: [Subjective sleep quality evaluation in patients with neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorders].
Title: Association of daily physical activity with hypertension, depressive symptoms, loneliness, and poor sleep quality in aged 60-79 older adults.
Title: Jazz dancing for improving cardiorespiratory fitness, body composition, muscle strength, and sleep quality in postmenopausal women: a randomized clinical trial with 6- and 12-month follow-ups.
Title: The effectiveness of weighted blankets on sleep quality in intensive care unit patients: A prospective randomised controlled trial.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and depressive symptoms in older adults: the mediated role of muscle strength (dynapenia).
Title: Examining the factor structure of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index and its determinants among GI cancer patients.
Title: Sleep quality in children with hepatic glycogen storage diseases, a prospective observational pilot study.
Title: The mediating role of resilience and sleep quality between self-efficacy and prenatal anxiety: A mediational analysis.
Title: Short-term γ-aminobutyric acid antagonist treatment improves long-term sleep quality, memory, and decision-making in a Down syndrome mouse model.
Title: The Role of Chronotypes and Perceived Stress on Sleep Quality in Undergraduates in Taiwan.
Title: Happiness, sleep quality, and self-care ability among community-dwelling older adults in Tehran, 2023.
Title: Mindfulness-Based Cancer Recovery (MBCR) training: the efficacy on fatigue and sleep quality of Iranian female patients with cancer.
Title: The effect of rotator cuff repair on sleep quality: Influencing factors and the impact of narcotic medication on postoperative sleep patterns: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Contributing Factors Among Patients With Obesity: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Examining the relationship between emotion regulation, sleep quality, and anxiety disorder diagnosis.
Title: Smartphone use and personality: Their effects on sleep quality across groups using mediation analysis.
Title: Change in Sleep Quality Associated With Adaptive Servoventilation for Central Sleep Apnea: Six-Month Follow-Up of the Multicenter Nationwide French "Etude de Cohorte Observationnelle Multicentrique Française de Patients Ayant un Syndrome d'Apnées du Sommeil Central ou Combiné Avec SAS Central Prédominant, Traités par Ventilation Auto-Asservie (FACIL-VAA)" Cohort.
Title: Sleep quality and incident hypertension.
Title: Poor sleep quality is associated with probable sarcopenia in community-dwelling older adults: Results from the longevity check-up (lookup) 8.
Title: Effects of exercise on sleep quality in women - A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Assessment of sleep quality using cardiopulmonary coupling and its predictive value for delirium in ICU patients.
Title: Emotional inertia is independently associated with cognitive emotion regulation strategies and sleep quality.
Title: The relationship between physical activity and sleep quality among college students: The chain-mediating effects of self-control and mobile phone addiction.
Title: Digital media use and its effects on digital eye strain and sleep quality in adolescents: A new emerging epidemic?
Title: Targeting sleep quality in acutely traumatized individuals to reduce the risk for PTSD: study protocol for a multicentre randomized clinical trial.
Title: Sleep quality of patients with heart failure and associated factors.
Title: Cyclic Meditation and Sleep Quality: A Review.
Title: Psychosocial Risk Factors at Work and Sleep Quality in Healthcare Workers - A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality among Older Adults in Brazil during the Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pandemic: The Role of Physical Activity.
Title: Association of Evening Eating with Sleep Quality and Insomnia among Adults in a Brazilian National Survey.
Title: Test-Retest Reliability of a Bilingual Arabic-English Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index among Adolescents and Young Adults with Good or Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: The mediating effect of sleep quality on the relationship between social support and depressive symptoms among Chinese nurses during the omicron outbreak.
Title: Sequential exploratory mixed-method research of an eHealth intervention on blood pressure, sleep quality and physical activity in obstructive sleep apnoea: rationale and methodology of the Moore4Medical trial protocol.
Title: Prevalence and associations of problematic smartphone use with smartphone activities, psychological well-being, and sleep quality in a household survey of Singapore adults.
Title: Manganese exposure and sleep quality in iron and steel industry workers.
Title: Comparison of the Effects of Ultrasound-Guided Subacromial Injection Versus Subacromial Injection and Suprascapular Nerve Block on Pain, Function, and Sleep Quality in Rotator Cuff Lesions.
Title: Virtual Reality to Improve Sleep Quality in Patients Suffering from Painful Diabetic Polyneuropathy: A Proof of Concept Study.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Duration During Pregnancy and Risk of Infant Being Small for Gestational Age: Prospective Birth Cohort Study.
Title: Effects of 
Title: The Association Between Shift Work, Sleep Quality, and Health-Related Quality of Life Among Workers in the Logistics Industry.
Title: Predicting Sleep Quality in Family Caregivers of Dementia Patients From Diverse Populations Using Wearable Sensor Data.
Title: Did social isolation affect anxiety and sleep quality of elite soccer players during the COVID-19 lockdown? Comparisons to training before distancing in the pandemic and outlook for mental health.
Title: Enhanced response and safety of combining dunhuang 'moxibustion classic' acupuncture with carbamazepine in treating neuropathic tinnitus and identifying risk factors affecting sleep quality.
Title: Relationship of screen time with anxiety, depression, and sleep quality among adolescents: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Poor sleep quality among bedtime smartphone user medical students in Ethiopia, 2024.
Title: Intraoperative Dexmedetomidine Infusion Improved Postoperative Sleep Quality and Melatonin Secretion in Patients Undergoing Elective Thoracoscopic Lung Surgery: A Prospective, Randomized Study.
Title: Effects of Continuous Erector Spinae Plane Block on the Postoperative Sleep Quality for Patients Undergoing Thoracoscopic Lung Lobe Resection Surgery: A Prospective, Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep Quality Mediates the Relationship Between Sleep Hygiene and Psychological Stress Among Adults With Multiple Cardiovascular Risk Factors.
Title: Perceived stress mediates the longitudinal effect of sleep quality on internalizing symptoms.
Title: Sleep quality in multiple sclerosis: A systematic review and meta-analysis based on Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index.
Title: Prognostic Factors Related to Sleep Quality in Patients With Obstructive Sleep Apnea After Positive Airway Pressure Therapy.
Title: The association between glycaemic variability and sleep quality and quantity in adults with type 1 and type 2 diabetes: A systematic review.
Title: Eight weeks of Pilates Method improves physical fitness and sleep quality of individuals with post-COVID-19 syndrome: A randomized clinical trial blinded.
Title: Effects of Internet Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia and Internet Sleep Hygiene Education on Sleep Quality and Executive Function Among Medical Students in Malaysia: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Cirrhotic Cardiomyopathy: A Prospective Case-Control Study.
Title: Efficacy of Auricular Acupressure Combined With Positive Psychological Techniques on Sleep Quality in Cancer Patients Undergoing Radiotherapy: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effects of aromatherapy on sleep quality in older adults: A meta-analysis.
Title: Letter to the Editor Regarding 'Effect of Inhaled Aromatherapy on Sleep Quality in Critically Ill Patients: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis'.
Title: Factors associated with sleep quality in adolescent pregnant women.
Title: At least 150 min per week of Tai chi practice improves sleep quality in the older people: evidence from a meta-analysis.
Title: Pre-sleep arousal and poor sleep quality link experiential avoidance to depressive symptoms in young adults.
Title: Personality and sleep quality among nursing interns: Traditional Chinese medicine constitution as a mediator and sedentary time as a moderator.
Title: Comparison of the Effects of Diaphragmatic Breathing and Pursed-lip Breathing Exercises on the Sleep Quality of Elderly Patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD): A Clinical Trial Study.
Title: The influence of sleep quality of pregnant women on the incidence of stunting in children: A literature review.
Title: Sleep quality and disruptive nocturnal behaviors as short-term predictors of suicidal intent: An ecological momentary assessment study.
Title: The effect of fatigue, sleep quality and depression on quality of life in patients with multiple sclerosis: A serial mediation model.
Title: Subjective sleep quality and sleep habits of elderly inhabiting rural areas of Sambalpur district of Odisha, India.
Title: Effect of perioperative dexmedetomidine on sleep quality in adult patients after noncardiac surgery: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.
Title: Optimal yoga dose for improving cancer-related fatigue, quality of life, and sleep quality in breast cancer survivors: a Bayesian dose-response meta-analysis.
Title: Prevalence of Restless Leg Syndrome, Associated Variables and Impact on Sleep Quality in a Cohort of Patients with Neuropsychiatric Disorders.
Title: Variability in perinatal sleep quality is associated with an atypical cortisol awakening response and increased mood symptoms.
Title: Sleep quality of vulnerable elderly people: associated factors.
Title: Assessment of sleep bruxism and its association with sleep quality, stress levels, and dental health in pediatric population: a multifactorial analysis.
Title: Effects of time-of-day resistance training on muscle strength, hormonal adaptations, and sleep quality during Ramadan fasting.
Title: Correction to Sleep Quality Improvements After MDMA-Assisted Psychotherapy for the Treatment of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Title: Expression of Concern: Sleep Quality Improvements After MDMA-Assisted Psychotherapy for the Treatment of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder.
Title: Factors influencing sleep quality among nurses in tertiary hospitals in Kelantan, Malaysia: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The Effect of Mother's Breastsleeping Behavior on Attachment and Postpartum Sleep Quality.
Title: Response to the comments on "Global prevalence of poor sleep quality in cancer patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis".
Title: Sleep quality and risk of obstructive sleep apnea among breast cancer survivors with and without lymphedema.
Title: Association of evening chronotype, sleep quality and cognitive impairment in patients with major depressive disorder.
Title: Relationship between anxiety and poor sleep quality in family caregivers of psychiatric patients based on history of sharp object injuries: a case-control study in Bitlis, Turkey.
Title: Understanding the Relationship between Sleep Quality and Physical Activity: Implications for Healthy Aging.
Title: The effects of vitamin D levels on physical, mental health, and sleep quality in adults: a comprehensive investigation.
Title: The role of stimuli of life events and sleep quality in the incidence of acute low-tone sensorineural hearing loss.
Title: Sleep quality and hours of nurses according to shift type and schedule: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality improves after total knee arthroplasty: Addressing early disturbance and risk factors.
Title: Combined mindfulness-based stress reduction and physical activity improved psychological factors and sleep quality in patients with MDD: A randomized controlled trial study.
Title: Effects of theory-guided unsupervised exercise on depression, sleep quality, and sense of control in pregnant women: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: The relationship between perfectionism and sleep quality in athletes: the mediating role of mental toughness.
Title: The effect of self-administered acupressure on pain severity and sleep quality of patients with knee osteoarthritis: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Night shift work, poor sleep quality and unhealthy sleep behaviors are positively associated with the risk of epilepsy disease.
Title: The effect of physical activity on sleep quality in people with diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Validation and cutoff score for the single-item sleep quality scale.
Title: Decreased Water Diffusivity Along the Perivascular Space in Older Adults With Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: Investigation of Depression, Anxiety, Sleep Quality, and Fatigue in Thalassemia Major Patients: A Study of the Correlation Between Sleep Quality and Laboratory Findings.
Title: Sleep Quality Among Pilgrims at High Altitude: A Cross-Sectional Study From Gosaikunda Lake, Nepal (4380 m).
Title: Investigating the interaction between major dietary patterns and psychological disorders in association with sleep quality and quantity among Iranian adults: YaHS-TAMYZ study.
Title: Causal Effects of Sleep Quality on Primary Headache and the Mediation via Gut Microbiota: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Title: Visualized Pattern-Based Hypothesis Testing on Exhaustion, Resilience, Sleep Quality, and Sleep Hygiene in Middle-Aged Women Transitioning Into Menopause or Postmenopause.
Title: Impact of body weight on the relationships between sleep quality in healthcare workers and their somatic health, sexual life, occupational burnout and stress.
Title: Does sleep quality mediate the association between post-traumatic stress disorder symptom severity and pain interference in trauma-affected refugees?
Title: Moderated serial mediation effects of adaptation problems, academic stress, and interpersonal relationships on the sleep quality of early-year university students.
Title: Neglected sleep quality problems in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a multi-center cross-sectional study.
Title: Association of plant and animal protein intake with sleep quality and quality of life in hemodialysis patients: a multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Bipolar Disorder and Ubiquitin Proteasome System Dysfunction: Peripheral Blood Levels of Molecules Playing a Role in Ubiquitination and Their Relationship to Sleep Quality.
Title: Mineralocorticoid Receptor and Sleep Quality in Chronic Kidney Disease.
Title: Sleep Quality Assessment and Its Predictors Among Saudi Adults with Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Assessment of Sleep Quality in Adolescents with Overweight and Obesity Using the Adolescent Sleep Hygiene Scale (ASHS).
Title: A pilot randomized clinical trial examining the effects of Qigong on inflammatory status and sleep quality in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Combined effects of nutrition, inflammatory status, and sleep quality on mortality in cancer survivors.
Title: Sleep Quality in Head and Neck Cancer.
Title: Association between sleep quality and weight gain in pregnancy: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The relationship between the use of screen-based devices and self-reported sleep quality in adolescents aged 13-19 years in Brunei.
Title: The therapeutic effect of two different massages on the sleep quality of orthopedic surgery patients: A randomized controlled study.
Title: The association of zero walking cadence minutes with sleep quality in adults 18-65.
Title: Ketogenic Diet Improves Sleep Quality and Daytime Sleepiness in Chronic Migraine: A Pilot Study.
Title: Salivary IL-1 Beta Level Associated with Poor Sleep Quality in Children/Adolescents with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors in adults living in the southern Brazil: A population-based study.
Title: Effectiveness of auricular acupressure in managing sleep quality, mood, and quality of life in parents of children with cancer: A pilot randomized controlled trial.
Title: The relationship between physical activity level and timing and sleep quality and hygiene in healthy individuals: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Mediating Effect of Illness Perception on the Relationship Between Perceived Family Function and Sleep Quality Among Patients With Atrial Fibrillation.
Title: Sleep quality, sleep quantity, and sleep timing: contrasts in Austrian and U.S. college students.
Title: Exploring the Relationship of Smartphone Addiction on Attention Deficit, Hyperactivity Symptoms, and Sleep Quality Among University Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Impact of Overactive Bladder and Dry Mouth on Subjective and Comprehensive Sleep Quality in Older Adults With Nocturia.
Title: The longitudinal association between resilience and sleep quality in breast cancer.
Title: Neurofeedback to enhance sleep quality and insomnia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials.
Title: Poor sleep quality is a risk factor for adverse clinical outcomes in patients with acute aortic dissection: A prospective cohort study.
Title: Associations between objectively measured nighttime sleep duration, sleep timing, and sleep quality and body composition in toddlers in the Guelph Family Health Study.
Title: Retraction: Evaluation of sleep quality and duration using wearable sensors in shift laborers of construction industry: a public health perspective.
Title: Sleep Quality and Quality of Life in Remitted Bipolar Disorder Patients: A Cross-sectional Comparative Study.
Title: Influence of sleep quality, excessive daytime sleepiness, circadian features and motor subtypes on depressive symptoms in Parkinson's disease.
Title: The effects of digital CBT intervention on attentional bias and sleep quality of poor sleepers with insomnia symptoms.
Title: From infected to recovered: the mediating role of sleep quality between self-compassion, social support and COVID-19 psychosomatic symptoms.
Title: Effects of exercise on sleep quality in general population: Meta-analysis and systematic review.
Title: Anxiety in emerging adults: The role of chronotype, emotional competence, and sleep quality.
Title: Association between sleep quality and cognitive impairment in older adults hypertensive patients in China: a case-control study.
Title: Mood states of active and insufficiently active adolescents related to sleep quality, gender, academic performance and guidelines for the post-COVID-19 scenario.
Title: Impact of work hours on sleep quality: a non-linear and gendered disparity.
Title: Resting-state functional connectome predicts sleep quality two months after the first negative COVID-19 antigen test.
Title: Sling Results in Better Sleep Quality and Less Anxiety Early After Arthroscopic Rotator Cuff Repair: A Randomized Single-Blinded Trial.
Title: The Effects of Lucid Dreaming and Nightmares on Sleep Quality and Mental Health Outcomes.
Title: Effects of chamomile oil inhalation on sleep quality in young adults with insomnia: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sex-specific changes in sleep quality with aging: Insights from wearable device analysis.
Title: Musculoskeletal pain is associated with poor sleep quality and increased daytime sleepiness in dental students: a cross-sectional pilot study.
Title: The Influence of Competitive Level on Sleep Quality and Quality of Life in Adolescent Soccer Players.
Title: The impact of screen time and parental habits on children's sleep quality.
Title: Impact of sleep quality on health-related quality of life domains and the mediating effects of symptoms in people with multiple sclerosis.
Title: The relationship between bone mineral density, vitamin D level, and sleep quality in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis: a relation-seeker type study.
Title: Increased Steps in Japanese Older Adults Associated with Improved Winter Sleep Quality.
Title: Advances in the use of dexmedetomidine during the perioperative period to improve postoperative sleep quality in patients undergoing surgery.
Title: Effect of mental state on sleep quality in patients receiving maintenance hemodialysis: A multiple mediation model of hope and family function.
Title: Based -evidence, an intervention study to improve sleep quality in awake adult ICU patients: a prospective, single-blind, clustered controlled trial.
Title: Associations of sleep quality with war-related anxiety, childhood stressors, and war-related stressors in a sample of adult Israeli civilians during the Hamas-Israel war.
Title: Association between sleep quality, sleep duration, and physical frailty among adults aged 50 years and older in India.
Title: Author Correction: Association of cardiometabolic index with sleep quality in adults: a population-based study.
Title: TikTok use versus TikTok self-control failure: Investigating relationships with well-being, academic performance, bedtime procrastination, and sleep quality.
Title: The Effect of Superficial Heat-Cold Application on the Sleep Quality of Patients With Restless Leg Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Telehealth based parental support over 6 months improves physical activity and sleep quality in children with autism: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Longitudinal association between adolescent sexual identity and sleep quality: The mediating roles of peer victimization and perceived social support.
Title: The mediating effect of rumination and fear of missing out between mobile phone addiction and sleep quality among college students.
Title: Latent Profile Analysis of Sleep Quality in Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Influencing Factors.
Title: The Effects of an 8-Month Multicomponent Training Program in Body Composition, Functional Fitness, and Sleep Quality in Aged People: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Magnetic Garments Promote Parasympathetic Dominance and Improve Sleep Quality in Male Long-Distance Runners Following a 30 km Run.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and quality of life in middle-aged and older inpatients with chronic diseases: Mediating role of frailty and moderating role of self-esteem.
Title: Recurrent Aphthous Stomatitis and Sleep Quality Factors: A Comprehensive Analysis.
Title: Canonical correlation-based relationships between social support and sleep quality in a hospital psychiatric outpatient population with examining the mediating roles of anxiety and depressive symptoms.
Title: Efficacy of Static Magnetic Field Therapy on Pain Intensity, Functional Disability, Sleep Quality, and Depressive Symptoms in Patients with Mechanical Neck and Low Back Pain.
Title: Sleep quality, daytime sleepiness, and risk of falling: results from an exploratory cross-sectional study.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality between pre-sleep portable media device use and nursing performance.
Title: The relationship between social relationships and sleep quality in older adults: Loneliness as a mediator and cognitive status as a moderator.
Title: Stress mindset and nurses' sleep quality: mediating effects of stress overload and anxiety.
Title: The mediating role of surface and deep acting and the moderating effect of occupational identity in workplace violence and sleep quality among psychiatric nurses: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effect of weighted blankets on sleep quality among adults with insomnia: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
Title: Beyond dialysis: Assessing therapeutic regimen compliance and sleep quality in chronic renal failure patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis in Saudi Arabia.
Title: Differences in Sleep Quality and Sleepiness among Veterinary Medical Students at Multiple Institutions Before and After the Pandemic Induced Transition to Online Learning.
Title: Maximal exercise capacity, peripheral muscle strength, sleep quality, and quality of life in adult patients with stable asthma.
Title: The impact of stress on sleep quality: a mediation analysis based on longitudinal data.
Title: The association between nicotine dependence and sleep quality in patients referred to a smoking cessation outpatient clinic: A cross-sectional study.
Title: An evaluation of sleep quality and nutritional status in nurses with different chronotypes.
Title: Sleep quality and hypertension in an indigenous African population: a cross-sectional investigation from the COMBAT-CVDs study.
Title: Oxidative stress and inflammation mediate the association between elevated oxidative balance scores and improved sleep quality: evidence from NHANES.
Title: Identification of sleep quality clusters among stroke patients: A multi-center Latent Profile Analysis study.
Title: Alterations in the global brain network in older adults with poor sleep quality: A resting-state fMRI study.
Title: Effect of an Aerobic Dancing Program on Sleep Quality for Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment and Poor Sleep: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effects of Small-Dose Esketamine on Postoperative Analgaesia and Sleep Quality in Patients with Total Hip Replacement.
Title: Mental health, behaviour and sleep quality in children 6-11 years before and after elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor initiation.
Title: Interactions between pregnant women's nutrition habits, psychological well-beings, sleep quality and biochemical parameters.
Title: Effect of sleep quality on wound healing among patients undergoing emergency laparotomy: an observational study.
Title: Prevalence and Correlates of Poor Sleep Quality Among Psychiatry Physicians in Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Effect of Foot Reflexology on Fatigue, Sleep Quality, Physiological Indices, and Electrocardiogram Changes in Patients with Acute Myocardial Infarction: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Sleep Quality and its Associated Factors among Nurses in a Tertiary Care Public Hospital in Puducherry District: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Association between prenatal maternal sleep quality, neonatal uncinate fasciculus white matter, and infant negative emotionality.
Title: Influence of the continuing COVID-19 epidemic on sleep quality and psychological status of healthcare workers in private institutions.
Title: Hormone replacement therapy for menopausal mood swings and sleep quality: The current evidence.
Title: Influence of slow and rapid weight loss periods on physiological performance, mood state and sleep quality in male freestyle wrestlers: a study from Sichuan Province, China.
Title: The Effect of COVID-19 Phobia, Pain Severity, Sleep Quality, Physical Activity, and Fatigue Levels and Quality of Life on Academic Achievement: A Path Analysis.
Title: Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Mediate the Relationship Between Poor Sleep Quality and Suicidal Ideation Among Young Chinese Men.
Title: Association of cardiometabolic index with sleep quality in adults: a population‑based study.
Title: Investigating the association between hair progesterone, anxiety, sleep quality, and other determinants in South African females.
Title: Exploration in association between vitamin D, sleep quality, and osteoarthritis: A modeling study.
Title: A study on elite athletes: Orthorexia nervosa tendency is a risk factor for sleep quality.
Title: Relationship between social anxiety and sleep quality in depressed adolescents: the mediating role of internet addiction.
Title: Association between diverse obesity indicators and sleep quality in elderly Chinese people: a National Study.
Title: Sleep Quality is Poor in Rheumatoid Arthritis Patients and Correlates with Anxiety, Depression, and Poor Quality of Life.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality, depression, and smartphone addiction in pregnant women: a mediation analysis.
Title: Sleep quality in glaucoma patients.
Title: The Relationship between Sleep Quality and Posture: A Study on University Students.
Title: Docosahexaenoic Acid and Sleep Quality in Very and Extreme Preterm Infants.
Title: Neighborhood Greenspace, Extreme Heat Exposure, and Sleep Quality over Time among a Nationally Representative Sample of American Children.
Title: Validating the factor structure and reliability of the sleep quality scale in a community-based study in Ibadan, Nigeria.
Title: Spa Therapy Efficacy in Mental Health and Sleep Quality Disorders in Patients with a History of COVID-19: A Comparative Study.
Title: The Impact of Social Participation on Frailty among Older Adults: The Mediating Role of Loneliness and Sleep Quality.
Title: Exploring the Associations between Autistic Traits, Sleep Quality and Well-Being in University Students: A Narrative Review.
Title: Exploring the Effects of Qigong, Tai Chi, and Yoga on Fatigue, Mental Health, and Sleep Quality in Chronic Fatigue and Post-COVID Syndromes: A Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis.
Title: Effectiveness of Non-Pharmacological Interventions in Improving Sleep Quality After Cardiac Surgery: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Association between sleep quality and uncertainty stress among healthcare professionals in hospitals in China: a nationwide cross-sectional survey.
Title: Individual-level noise exposure and its association with sleep quality and duration: A cross-sectional study using real-time data.
Title: The relationship between chronotype video game addiction and sleep quality in school-age children: A structural equation modeling approach.
Title: Effects of Psychological Intervention Based on the Self-Transcendence Theory on the Sleep Quality of Chinese Nurses.
Title: Erratum: Association between phthalate exposure and sleep quality in pregnant women: results from the Korean Children's Environmental Health Study with repeated assessment of exposure: Erratum.
Title: Effects of Physical and Mind-body Exercise on Sleep Quality in Individuals With Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Title: Understanding the effect of occupational stress on sleep quality in firefighters: the modulating role of depression and burnout.
Title: Dyspnea, respiratory muscle strength, cough capacity, and sleep quality in individuals with substance use disorder.
Title: Effect of closed-loop vibration stimulation on sleep quality for poor sleepers.
Title: Gender differences in postoperative pain, sleep quality, and recovery outcomes in patients undergoing visual thoracoscopic surgery.
Title: A commentary on "Association between sleep quality and ovarian reserve in women of reproductive age: a cross-sectional study".
Title: Effects of Family Audio Recordings on Depression, Cognitive Function, and Sleep Quality of Individuals With Alzheimer's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The relationship between chronotype characteristics and fear of missing out, phubbing, sleep quality and social jetlag in medical students.
Title: Comparing the effect of sedation with dexmedetomidine and propofol on sleep quality of patients after cardiac surgery: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: Effects of Sleep Quality, Acute Sleep Deprivation, and Napping on Facial Emotion Recognition Accuracy and Speed.
Title: Caregiver burden and psychological status and their associations with sleep quality among family caregivers living with older people with dementia: A mixed method study.
Title: Sleep quality in secure psychiatric healthcare: Inpatient & staff perspectives.
Title: Optimal exercise dose and type for improving sleep quality: a systematic review and network meta-analysis of RCTs.
Title: Factors Affecting Sleep Quality and Prenatal Distress Among Rural and Urban Women During Early Pregnancy.
Title: Sleep Quality, Daytime Sleepiness and Sleep Hygiene Among Youth in a Rural District in South India: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep quality after autologous breast reconstruction.
Title: Association between Sleep Quality and Neutrophil to Lymphocyte Ratio and Platelet to Lymphocyte Ratio in Patients with Bipolar Disorder.
Title: Moderating effect of sleep quality in the relationship between coping and distress among medical students.
Title: Improvements in Sleep Quality in Patients With Major Depressive and Generalized Anxiety Disorders Treated With Individualized, Parcel-Guided Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.
Title: Mental health and sleep quality issues in adolescents with chronic conditions during and after COVID-19 quarantine.
Title: The effects of inhalation aromatherapy on pain, anxiety, and sleep quality in burn patients: A randomized controlled study.
Title: Does the volume of physical exercise influence sleep quality in patients with fibromyalgia?
Title: Association of Physical Activity and/or Diet with Sleep Quality and Duration in Adolescents: A Scoping Review.
Title: Parallel Mediating Effects of Sleep Quality, Psychological Distress, and Self-Stigma in the Associations Between Long COVID Symptoms and Quality of Life Among Taiwanese Individuals With Mental Health Illness.
Title: [Brian effects of electroacupuncture on sleep quality and cognitive function in patients with insomnia related to cerebral infarction].
Title: Assessment of sleep quality, fatigue and its association with occupational injuries among shift workers in an electronic industrial environment.
Title: Artificial neural network-based model for sleep quality prediction for frontline medical staff during major medical assistance.
Title: A clinical trial of the effects of cocoa rich chocolate on depression and sleep quality in menopausal women.
Title: Association between oral lichen planus and sleep quality: a systematic review.
Title: Correlation between physical exercise levels, depressive symptoms, and sleep quality in college students: Evidence from electroencephalography.
Title: Association between maternal stress and child sleep quality: a nationwide ECHO prospective cohort study.
Title: Work-life balance and health among pharmacists: physical activity, sleep quality, and general health.
Title: Impact of Pemphigus on Sleep Quality: A Prospective Observational Single-Center Case-Control Study.
Title: Urban green space, human heat perception and sleep quality: A repeated cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality and sleep duration are associated with charitable donations: Evidence from two population-based surveys.
Title: Internet Addiction and Sleep Quality Among School Children in South India.
Title: Effects of endoscopic lobectomy and conventional lobectomy on psychological and sleep quality in patients with papillary thyroid microcarcinoma-a prospective observational study.
Title: The efficacy of occlusal appliance with a moisturizing gel pocket on sleep quality in patients with nocturnal xerostomia: A case series.
Title: Association of macronutrient intake, physical activity, anxiety, and depression with sleep quality among Iranian male adolescents.
Title: Demographic, socioconomic, and health correlates of sleep quality and sleep duration among community-dwelling older adults in India.
Title: Effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation on sleep quality in fibromyalgia: A double-blind randomized clinical trial.
Title: Effects of zinc supplementation on sleep quality in humans: A systematic review of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Effect of sleep quality on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation outcomes in depression.
Title: Sleep quality and emotional eating in college students: a moderated mediation model of depression and physical activity levels.
Title: The impact of empowerment-based fine-grained nursing model on nursing outcomes, compliance, and sleep quality of pediatric pneumonia patients.
Title: Fear of Death and Sleep Quality in the Aftermath of an Earthquake.
Title: Beware of the Relationship between Sleep Quality and Cognitive Impairment [Letter].
Title: Efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions on sleep quality in patients with cancer-related insomnia: a network meta-analysis.
Title: The Effect of Jacobson Relaxation Technique on Sleep Quality of Patients With Cancer Under Chemotherapy: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Sleep quality among Italian university students: the UnSleep multicenter study.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality in the relationship between family health and depression or anxiety under varying living status.
Title: Chronotype, sleep quality, depression and pre-sleep rumination: A diary and actigraphy study.
Title: Investigation of the influence of 45-minute pre-sleep social media use on sleep quality and memory consolidation in adolescents.
Title: The impact of smartphone dependence on college students' sleep quality: the chain-mediated role of negative emotions and health-promoting behaviors.
Title: Perceptions of Sleep Quality, Fatigue, and Cognition Among Women Shift Workers.
Title: Residual kidney function and sleep quality in hemodialysis patients.
Title: A Longitudinal Investigation on the Reciprocal Relationship of Problematic Smartphone Use with Bedtime Procrastination, Sleep Quality, and Mental Health Among University Students.
Title: The Impact of Latihan Pasrah Diri / Self Surrender Practice (LPD) in Sleep Quality and Inflammatory Markers in Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 Patients Without Depression: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effect of Yoga and Naturopathy on Sleep Quality and Pain in PCOS Patients with Primary Dysmenorrhea: A Case Series.
Title: Sleep quality disparities in different pregnancy trimesters in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Chronotype, sleep quality, impulsivity and aggression in patients with borderline personality disorder and healthy controls.
Title: Association of sleep quality with cognitive dysfunction in middle-aged and elderly adults: a cross-sectional study in China.
Title: Effects of Somatosensory Games on Heart Rate Variability and Sleep-Related Biomarkers in Menopausal Women With Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: Sensory processing sensitivity as a predictor of health-related quality of life outcomes via stress and sleep quality.
Title: The association between salivary IL-6 and poor sleep quality assessed using Apple watches in stressed workers in Japan.
Title: Effects of multisession prefrontal cortex tDCS or taVNS on stress, perceived stress and sleep quality: a double-blind, randomized controlled study.
Title: Sleep Quality in Medical Students and its Association with Internet Usage- A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Association Between Perceived Noise Pollution and Sleep Quality: Findings from the 2018 Community Health Survey.
Title: Application of Music Therapy in Improving Sleep Quality and Psychological Health of Pregnant Women with Hypertension: A Retrospective Study.
Title: Application of Music Therapy in Improving the Sleep Quality and Mental Health of Nurses with Circadian Rhythm Sleep Disorders Caused by Work Shifts.
Title: Effects of Ward Night Noise Management in the Context of Enhanced Recovery After Surgery on Postoperative Sleep Quality, Anxiety, and Hormone Levels of Thoracic Surgery Patients with Lung Cancer.
Title: Associations Between Perceived Social Status, Discrimination, With Subjective Sleep Quality Among Migrant Care Workers During COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality, psychological resilience, family resilience, social support, and mental disability in patients with chronic schizophrenia: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The effect of weighted blankets on sleep quality and mental health symptoms in people with psychiatric disorders in inpatient and outpatient settings: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Diet and sleep quality in chilean university students.
Title: Nutraceutical Capsules LL1 and Silymarin Supplementation Act on Mood and Sleep Quality Perception by Microbiota-Gut-Brain Axis: A Pilot Clinical Study.
Title: Problematic Use of Smartphones and Social Media on Sleep Quality of High School Students in Mexico City.
Title: Effect of Earthing Mats on Sleep Quality in Rats.
Title: Analysis of Physical Activity on Mental Hyperactivity, Sleep Quality, and Bodily Pain in Higher Education Students-A Structural Equation Model.
Title: Sleep Quality and Urinary Incontinence in Prostate Cancer Patients: A Data Analytics Approach with the ASCAPE Dataset.
Title: Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) Changes in Virologically Suppressed People Living with HIVSwitching to Long-Acting Cabotegravir and Rilpivirine.
Title: Associations of traditional healthy lifestyle and sleep quality with metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease: two population-based studies.
Title: Analysis of related factors influencing the sleep quality in patients with rotator cuff tear after arthroscopic surgery.
Title: CORR Insights®: Does Cannabis-based Medicine Improve Pain and Sleep Quality in Patients With Traumatic Brachial Plexus Injuries? A Triple-blind, Crossover, Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Critically appraised paper: In people with advanced lung cancer, aerobic exercise and tai chi improve sleep quality, anxiety and exercise capacity compared with physical activity advice [commentary].
Title: Critically appraised paper: In people with advanced lung cancer, aerobic exercise and tai chi improve sleep quality, depression and exercise capacity compared with physical activity advice.
Title: The effect of itching on sleep quality and comfort in patients with hemodialysis and renal transplantation: A multi-center cross-sectional study.
Title: Association of dysphagia and loneliness and their interaction with sleep quality among older adults in nursing homes: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Partner Phubbing and Sleep Quality: Serial Mediation Models With Relationship Satisfaction and Perceived Stress.
Title: The influence of sleep education supported and unsupported with social media reminders on the sleep quality in adolescents aged 14-18: a three-center, parallel-arm, randomized controlled study.
Title: Research status of hormone replacement therapy on mood and sleep quality in menopausal women.
Title: Effect of post COVID-19 on body composition, physical fitness, sleep quality and quality of life among young adults: a cross-sectional study of matched pairs.
Title: Enhancing sleep quality for adult patients: Interventions and insights: Erratum.
Title: Multidimensional frailty and sleep quality in late adulthood: A UK biobank examination.
Title: The Effects of Spiritual Care with and Without Aromatherapy on the Sleep Quality of Prisoners Referred to the Emergency Department of the Prison Clinic in Iran: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Online and offline gendered racial microaggressions and sleep quality for Black women.
Title: The Effect of Dietary Acid Load on Cardiometabolic Risk, Psychological Resilience and Sleep Quality in Adolescents with Obesity.
Title: Use of mHealth Technologies to Increase Sleep Quality among Older Adults: A Scoping Review.
Title: Sleep Quality and Medication Adherence in Older Adults: A Systematic Review.
Title: Adherence to the Mediterranean diet and sleep quality are inter-correlated with flash glucose monitoring (FGM)-measured glycemia among children with type 1 diabetes.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Predictors among Dyspnea, Fatigue and Exercise Capacity in Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension.
Title: The Association Study on Physical Activity Intensity, Sleep Quality, and Depression among College Students in the Central Plains Region.
Title: Concussion history is associated with poor sleep quality in adolescent athletes: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Corrigendum: Role of dietary fiber and lifestyle modification in gut health and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep characteristics and self-reported sleep quality in the oldest-old: Results from a prospective longitudinal cohort study.
Title: Sleep quality and emotional reactivity in patients with borderline personality disorder.
Title: The effects of Aerobic and oropharyngeal exercises on sleep quality of patients with obstructive sleep Apnoea syndrome: a randomized controlled study.
Title: Influence of chronotype on sleep quality and menstrual regularity in nurses on monthly shift rotations.
Title: Sleep quality and glucose control in adults with type 1 diabetes during the seasonal daylight saving time shifts.
Title: Blood transcriptomic markers associated with immune abnormalities and sleep quality.
Title: Association between sleep duration and sleep quality with pre-sarcopenia in the 20-59-year-old population: evidence from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys 2005-2014.
Title: Factors affecting poor sleep quality in last trimester pregnant women: a cross-sectional research from Turkey.
Title: Sleep quality associate with the increased prevalence of cognitive impairment in coronary artery disease patients: A retrospective case-control study.
Title: Effects of perceived sleep quality on creative behavior via work engagement: the moderating role of gender.
Title: The association between occupational stress, sleep quality and premenstrual syndrome among clinical nurses.
Title: Telehealth-delivered cognitive behavioral therapy - a potential solution to improve sleep quality and normalize the salience network in fibromyalgia: a pilot randomized trial.
Title: The effect of sleep quality on attitudes toward death in breast cancer survivors.
Title: Relationship between sleep quality and duration and the incidence rate of arthritis: A prospective cohort study.
Title: Analyzing sex-specific differences in sleep quality, resilience, and biomarkers among older adults in the Gan-Dau Healthy Longevity Plan.
Title: The effect of eye mask on sleep quality and pain in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft surgery: A double-blind randomized controlled trial.
Title: Comparison of Dexamethasone at Three Doses Administered Postoperatively for Improving Pain Control and Sleep Quality in Patients Who Underwent Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Triple Blind Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Subjective and objective sleep quality assessment in adolescent patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Title: Effects of Melatonin on Sleep Quality and Patient-Reported Outcomes After Arthroscopic Rotator Cuff Surgery: A Prospective Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Depressive symptoms' trajectories since adolescence and sleep quality in early adulthood: results from the EPITeen cohort.
Title: Effect of cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia on sleep quality among college students: the role of hyperarousal and dysfunctional beliefs.
Title: Golden years, golden sleep: the impact of physical activity on older adults' sleep quality.
Title: Parental Perspectives From the Survey of Sleep Quality in the PICU Validation Study on Environmental Factors Causing Sleep Disruption in Critically Ill Children.
Title: Factors Associated with Poor Sleep Quality in Postpartum Women: A Crossectional Study.
Title: Association between the Dietary Inflammatory Index and Sleep Quality among Lebanese University Students.
Title: Fear of Missing Out Syndrome and its Impact on Sleep Quality in Medical Students: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Interactions of depression, anxiety, and sleep quality with menopausal symptoms on job satisfaction among middle-aged health workers in England: a STROBE-based analysis.
Title: Menopausal stage transitions and their associations with overall and individual sleep quality in middle-aged Korean women.
Title: Association between sleep quality and ovarian reserve in women of reproductive age: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Prevalence and characterization of sleep quality and insomnia in security guards working on the day and night shift in Delhi-NCR.
Title: Effects of global postural re-education on stress and sleep quality in health sciences female students: a randomized controlled trial pilot study.
Title: Depressive symptoms mediate the longitudinal relationships between sleep quality and cognitive functions among older adults with mild cognitive impairment: A cross-lagged modeling analysis.
Title: Eating attitudes, physical activity, and sleep quality levels of adolescents during the pandemic process.
Title: Exploring the Effects of Coping Flexibility on Sleep Quality via Subjective Distress: A Longitudinal Study of Young Adults.
Title: The effect of predictive nursing on the mental state, compliance and sleep quality of senile cervicitis: An observational study.
Title: Association of baseline sleep duration and sleep quality with seizure recurrence in newly treated patients with epilepsy.
Title: Isotemporal substitution analysis of time between sedentary behavior, and physical activity on sleep quality in younger adults: a multicenter study.
Title: The mediating effect of sleep quality on solid cooking fuel use and psychological distress among rural older adults: evidence from Shandong, China.
Title: Prediction of depressive symptoms severity based on sleep quality, anxiety, and gray matter volume: a generalizable machine learning approach across three datasets.
Title: The Effect of Reiki on the Self-Efficacy, Death Anxiety, and Sleep Quality of Patients Diagnosed With Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: A Randomized-Controlled Study.
Title: How Do We Improve Sleep Quality After Total Joint Arthroplasty? A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Effects of a tailor-made yoga program on upper limb function and sleep quality in women with breast cancer: A pilot randomized controlled trial.
Title: Associations between Japanese calligraphy practice and sleep quality in community-dwelling older adults: A cross-sectional Study.
Title: Magnesium-L-threonate improves sleep quality and daytime functioning in adults with self-reported sleep problems: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Association Between Diet, Physical Activity, Smoking, and Ultra-Processed Food and Cardiovascular Health, Depression, and Sleep Quality.
Title: Effects of perceived stress on college students' sleep quality: a moderated chain mediation model.
Title: Linking Daily Victimization to Daily Affect Among Adolescents: The Mediating Role of Sleep Quality and Disturbance.
Title: Physiological and Family-Level Correlates of Autistic Adolescents' Sleep Quality.
Title: Sleep quality in middle-aged and elderly hemodialysis patients: Impact of a structured nursing intervention program.
Title: The Effects of Self-Acupressure on Pain and Sleep Quality in Patients With Coronary Artery Disease: A Randomised Controlled Trial.
Title: Functional performance of patients submitted to cardiac surgery with different levels of sleep quality: an observational study.
Title: Expression of concern: The effects of melatonin administration on disease severity and sleep quality in children with atopic dermatitis: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial.
Title: Factors affecting sleep quality in hospitalised patients.
Title: Exploration of sleep quality and rest-activity rhythms characteristics in Bilateral Vestibulopathy patients.
Title: Cross-sectional Study on the Correlation of Stress and Sleep Quality of Learning Unit III (1
Title: Poor sleep quality, dementia status and their association with all-cause mortality among older US adults.
Title: Current situation and relationship between occupational stress, burn-out and sleep quality among ambulance drivers: a cross-sectional study.
Title: SPECT/CT imaging of poor sleep quality in people with epilepsy.
Title: The Bidirectional Association between Internet Use, Sleep Quality and Eating Behavior: A Cross-Sectional Study in Northwestern Thrace Region in Türkiye.
Title: Sense of coherence on the relationship between COVID-19-related stress and sleep quality among nurses.
Title: Association between sleep quality and duration during pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The effect of shoulder massage on shoulder pain and sleep quality in patients after laparoscopic cholecystectomy: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: The influence of service dog partnerships on perceived and objective sleep quality for military veterans with PTSD.
Title: Comment on "Does the presence of radiculopathy affect sleep quality and lower extremity functionality in neuropathic low back pain?".
Title: A closer look at depression and sleep quality relation: A cross-sectional study of taxi drivers in Tabriz metropolis.
Title: Sleep quality and glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Title: Influence of shift work on sleep quality and circadian patterns of heart rate variability among nurses.
Title: Association between chronotype, social jetlag, sleep quality, and academic burnout among nursing students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The Role of Essential Oils on Sleep Quality and Other Sleep-related Issues: Evidence from Clinical Trials.
Title: Factors associated with sleep quality among Afghan healthcare workers.
Title: Comparison of sleep quality, diet quality, and weight change between COVID-19-recovered patients and healthy controls: A matched case-control study.
Title: Assessment of Physical Activity and Sleep Quality Among Doctors and Medical Students: A Cross-Sectional Study From South India.
Title: Quality of Postoperative Pain Management in Orthopedic Patients and Its Impact on Sleep Quality and Patient Satisfaction: An Integrative Review.
Title: Association between Vegetarian Diet Consumption and Academic Performance, Sleep Quality, and Health-Related Quality of Life among Female Undergraduate College Students.
Title: Sleep quality and perceived stress levels in Chinese patients with minor recurrent aphthous stomatitis: a cross-sectional questionnaire-based survey.
Title: Evaluation of electric field (E) exposure levels and its relationship with the sleep quality of residents around the BTS antennas in Sabzevar, Iran.
Title: Virtual reality improves sleep quality and associated symptoms in patients with chronic insomnia.
Title: Effect of matcha green tea on cognitive functions and sleep quality in older adults with cognitive decline: A randomized controlled study over 12 months.
Title: Resilience, sleep quality and sleepiness in Peruvian medical students: a multicenter study.
Title: Impact of a ketogenic diet on sleep quality in people with relapsing multiple sclerosis.
Title: The effects of shift work on sleep quality, diet quality, and obesity-related factors: A male population study.
Title: Examining the influence of problematic internet use on sleep quality in Chinese adolescents: a study using the extended Stressor-Strain-Outcome (SSO) model.
Title: The Effect of Music Therapy on the Sleep Quality of Patients with Heart Failure: The Miracle of Nature Music.
Title: Effects of Virtual Reality (VR)-Based Meditation on Sleep Quality, Stress, and Autonomic Nervous System Balance in Nursing Students.
Title: The Association between Pressure Pain Thresholds, Conditioned Pain Modulation, Clinical Status, and Sleep Quality in Fibromyalgia Patients: A Clinical Trial Secondary Analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Bariatric Surgery-Can We Treat Sleep Disturbances and Insomnia in Patients with Obesity with Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy?
Title: Beyond the Classroom: The Influence of Food Insecurity, Mental Health, and Sleep Quality on University Students' Academic Performance.
Title: The Effect of Laughter Yoga on Vasomotor Symptoms and Sleep Quality in Menopausal Women: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Relationship between sleep quality and quantity and lower-body neuromuscular performance characteristics in semi-professional male basketball players.
Title: Depression and suicidal ideation among Chinese college students during the COVID-19 pandemic: the mediating roles of chronotype and sleep quality.
Title: Correction: Sleep quality and associated factors among people who inject drugs in Iran: a nationwide survey using respondent-driven sampling.
Title: Examining the Effect of Sleep Hygiene Education Given to Nursing Students on Sleep Quality.
Title: Effectiveness of Enriched Milk with Ashwagandha Extract and Tryptophan for Improving Subjective Sleep Quality in Adults with Sleep Problems: A Randomized Double-Blind Controlled Trial.
Title: Predicting Sleep Quality through Biofeedback: A Machine Learning Approach Using Heart Rate Variability and Skin Temperature.
Title: Sleep Quality, but Not Personality Traits, Mediates the Relationship between Chronotype and Life Satisfaction: A Study in Young Adults.
Title: Efficacy study comparing a CBT-I developed for shift workers (CBT-I-S) to standard CBT-I (cognitive behavioural therapy for insomnia) on sleep onset latency, total sleep time, subjective sleep quality, and daytime sleepiness: study protocol for a parallel group randomised controlled trial with online therapy groups of seven sessions each.
Title: Relationship between pain activity patterns, and physical and psychological aspects and sleep quality in women with migraine.
Title: Assessing the Factor Structure and Measurement Invariance of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index Between Postmenopausal Breast Cancer Survivors and Controls.
Title: Poor sleep quality is associated with decreased regional brain glucose metabolism in healthy middle-aged adults.
Title: Age-friendliness of community and sleep quality: The role of mental health.
Title: Sleep quality is associated with reduced quality of life in inflammatory bowel disease through its interaction with pain.
Title: The relationship between night sleep duration, sleep quality and depressive symptoms in Chinese elderly couples.
Title: Mediation effect of perceived social support and psychological distress between psychological resilience and sleep quality among Chinese medical staff.
Title: Associations of health literacy and sleep quality with depressive symptoms in Turkish adolescents: A descriptive cross-sectional study.
Title: Leveraging Zero-Effort Technology for Quantification of Sleep Quality Metrics.
Title: Cerebral blood flow in the paracentral lobule is associated with poor subjective sleep quality among patients with a history of methadone maintenance treatment.
Title: Association between phthalate exposure and sleep quality in pregnant women: Results from the Korean Children's Environmental Health Study with repeated assessment of exposure.
Title: Assessing the Role of the Autonomic Nervous System as a Driver of Sleep Quality in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis: Observation Study.
Title: The Effect of Breathing and Relaxation Exercises Training on Psychological Well-Being and Sleep Quality in Individuals Diagnosed With Schizophrenia: A Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: The effect of compression stockings on the complaints well-being and sleep quality of pregnant women with restless legs syndrome: a randomized controlled study.
Title: The effects of sleep quality on loneliness among older adults: cohort analysis from the life course perspective.
Title: Effects of mindfulness-based stress reduction therapy for sleep quality and perceived stress in patients with spinal cord injury.
Title: The differing relationships between academic discipline, sleep hygiene, and dysfunctional sleep attitudes on sleep quality and duration in Canadian university students.
Title: War Injuries and Nurses' Well-Being: Fatigue and Sleep Quality Among Critical Care Nurses in Najran Region, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Effect of kaempferol ingestion on physical activity and sleep quality: a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized, crossover trial.
Title: The Impact of Menstrual Disorders on Sleep Quality in Adolescents: An Observational Study.
Title: Relationship between maternal postpartum depression, fatigue, sleep quality and infant growth: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The best modality and dose of physical activity to improve sleep quality in older adults: A Bayesian dose-response meta-analysis.
Title: Enhancing sleep quality for adult patients: Interventions and insights.
Title: Determining Adult Dizziness and Sleep Quality After the 2023 Earthquakes in Türkiye.
Title: Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Among Chinese People During the Omicron Outbreak and Its Impact on Sleep Quality and Alcohol Dependency.
Title: Impact of an over-the-counter "sleep lotion" on human salivary melatonin levels and sleep quality: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Prevalence of poor sleep quality during menopause: a meta-analysis.
Title: Alarm fatigue and sleep quality in medical staff-a Polish-Czech-Slovak study on workplace ergonomics.
Title: The relationship between peer support and sleep quality among Chinese college students: the mediating role of physical exercise atmosphere and the moderating effect of eHealth literacy.
Title: Gut microbiome and metabolic pathways linked to sleep quality.
Title: Self-control and bed procrastination as mediators between mindfulness and sleep quality among college students during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Uncovering the symptom relationship among sleep quality, anxiety, and depression in Chinese patients with breast cancer: multidimensional data validation using PSQI versus actigraphy.
Title: Social support and sleep quality in people with schizophrenia living in the community: the mediating roles of anxiety and depression symptoms.
Title: Effect of Stress on Sleep Quality among Medical Students: A Cross-sectional Study at Jazan University, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Physical activity and sleep quality among pregnant women during the first and second trimesters are associated with mental health and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Title: Effects of ICU diaries on psychological disorders and sleep quality in critically ill patients and their family members: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Exploring the Impact of a Sleep App on Sleep Quality in a General Population Sample: Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Protective effects of a probiotic-fermented germinated grain complex on neurotransmitters and sleep quality in sleep-deprived mice.
Title: Elevated C-reactive protein and IL-6 signalling are not the only determinants of sleep quality and duration.
Title: Author reply - Letter to the Editor "elevated C-reactive protein and IL-6 signalling are not the only determinants of sleep quality and duration".
Title: A higher score on the Pittsburgh sleep quality index may increase the risk of suicide in depressed patients - A correlation analysis.
Title: Dimensionality and cross-language invariance of Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index among Indian adolescents and adults.
Title: The Association Between Bedtime Procrastination, Sleep Quality, and Problematic Smartphone Use in Adolescents: A Mediation Analysis.
Title: Does sleep quality differ across political parties? Results from a survey of Arizona adults.
Title: Exploring the Interplay between Sleep Quality, Stress, and Somatization among Teachers in the Post-COVID-19 Era.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality Among People Living With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Taif, Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Does Cannabis-based Medicine Improve Pain and Sleep Quality in Patients With Traumatic Brachial Plexus Injuries? A Triple-blind, Crossover, Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: A narrative review of mechanisms linking romantic relationship experiences to sleep quality.
Title: Reliability and validity of the online Pittsburgh sleep quality index in college students from low-income regions.
Title: Exploring the link between physicians' caffeine use disorders with sleep quality and professional burnout: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Exploring the relationship between early cognitive ability and age-60 sleep quality: The Newcastle Thousand Families Study birth cohort.
Title: Within-child associations between sleep quality and emotional self-regulation over 6 months among preschool-aged (3- to 5-year-old) children.
Title: Washed Microbiota Transplantation Improves the Sleep Quality in Patients with Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Title: Sleep quality and the cortisol and alpha-amylase awakening responses in adolescents with depressive disorders.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among people who inject drugs in Iran: a nationwide survey using respondent-driven sampling.
Title: Sleep quality in cancer patients: a common metric for several instruments measuring sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality among emergency nurses and its influencing factors during COVID-19 pandemic: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effects of Reflexology on Anorexia and Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Chemotherapy: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: The mediating and moderating effects of psychological distress on the relationship between social media use with perceived social isolation and sleep quality of late middle-aged and older adults.
Title: Healthy diet habits attenuate the association of poor sleep quality with nonfatal ischemic stroke: A prospective rural cohort.
Title: Relationship between cognitive function and sleep quality in middle-aged and older adults for minimizing disparities and achieving equity in health: Evidence from multiple nationwide cohorts.
Title: Self-rated health and its bidirectional relationship with burnout, sleep quality and somatic symptoms in a general adult population.
Title: Effectiveness of Earplugs and Eye Masks on Sleep Quality and Fatigue Among Nonventilated Patients in an Intensive Care Unit.
Title: Problematic Use of Smartphones and Sleep Quality Among Healthcare Workers in Qassim, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Negative life events, sleep quality, and depression among older adults in Shandong Province, China: A conditional process analysis based on economic income.
Title: Chronobiological perspectives: Association between meal timing and sleep quality.
Title: Walking Interventions and Sleep Quality of Persons Living With Dementia and Their Family Caregivers: Effects of Different Walking Companions.
Title: Carotid Intima-Media Thickness, Overweight, and Poor Sleep Quality in Commercial Airline Pilots: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Strategies to Improve Sleep Quality in Intensive Care Unit Patients.
Title: Intensive Care Unit Sleep Promotion Bundle: Impact on Sleep Quality, Delirium, and Other Patient Outcomes.
Title: Excessive daytime sleepiness in nursing technicians: association with sleep quality and memory.
Title: Frequency and Amount of Caffeine Consumption and Its Effects on Sleep Quality Among the General Population in Makkah City, Saudi Arabia, in 2024.
Title: Optimism and mental health in college students: the mediating role of sleep quality and stress.
Title: Transition from the neonatal unit to home: Parents' educational needs to promote their psychological well-being and sleep quality.
Title: Amyloid profile is associated with sleep quality in preclinical but not in prodromal Alzheimer's disease older adults.
Title: Effect of cyclic meditation on anxiety and sleep quality in sailors on merchant ships-A quasi-experimental study.
Title: A Good Night's Sleep in Malta in 2023: A Cross-sectional Study Exploring Sleep Quality and its Determinants via Social Media.
Title: Perceived Stress, but Not Rumination, Mediates the Relationship Between Trait Mindfulness and Sleep Quality in Young Adults.
Title: Gender differences in sleep quality among Iranian traditional and industrial drug users.
Title: Measuring Sleep Quality Among Medical Students Using the Epworth Sleepiness Scale.
Title: Poor sleep quality is predictive for higher pain levels in patients with chronic scrotal pain, regardless of body perception, biological rhythm, anxiety, and depression.
Title: The Role of Gut Microbiome in Sleep Quality and Health: Dietary Strategies for Microbiota Support.
Title: Impact of an Intervention Aimed at Improving Sleep Quality in Hospitalized Children.
Title: Sleep quality and daytime sleepiness amongst family caregivers of children with Spinal Muscular Atrophy.
Title: Influence of smartphone addiction on sleep quality of college students: The regulatory effect of physical exercise behavior.
Title: The effect of progressive muscle relaxation exercises on postmenopausal sleep quality and fatigue: a single-blind randomized controlled study.
Title: Changes in Sleep Quality, Sleep Duration, and Sickness Absence: A Longitudinal Study with Repeated Measures.
Title: Intersections of Modifiable Risks: Loneliness is Associated with Poor Subjective Sleep Quality in Older Women at Risk for Alzheimer's Disease.
Title: Objective and self-reported assessment of sleep quality during each trimester of pregnancy: A prospective observational study.
Title: Assessing the Impact of the Mindfulness-Based Body Scan Technique on Sleep Quality in Multiple Sclerosis Using Objective and Subjective Assessment Tools: Single-Case Study.
Title: The relationship between quality of life, sleep quality, mental health, and physical activity in an international sample of college students: a structural equation modeling approach.
Title: Effects of hormone replacement therapy on mood and sleep quality in menopausal women.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality and Its Influencing Factors Among Iranian Patients with Esophageal and Gastric Cancer.
Title: Social Media Use and Sleep Quality Among Secondary School Students in Aseer Region: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Longitudinal association of sleep quality with physical performance measures: SABE cohort study, Brazil.
Title: The effect of lavender and rosemary aromatherapy application on cognitive functions, anxiety, and sleep quality in the elderly with diabetes.
Title: Improving urinary incontinence management and sleep quality with wetness sensing technology in absorbent products.
Title: The Influence of Disagreements over COVID-19 Preventive Measures on Stress and Sleep Quality.
Title: Interactions among neighborhood conditions, sleep quality, and episodic memory across the adult lifespan.
Title: Poor sleep quality and its associated factors among HIV/ADIS patients living in sub-Saharan African countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The Effect of Self-Acupressure on Sleep Quality and Fatigue in Nurses: A Sham-Controlled Study.
Title: Effects of Auricular Acupressure on Nurses' Perceived Stress, Sleep Quality, and Presenteeism: A Single-Blind, Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effect of inhaled aromatherapy on sleep quality in critically ill patients: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Longer-term effect of physical activity intervention on sleep quality: a secondary analysis of cluster randomized controlled trial.
Title: Joint association of sleep quality and physical activity with metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease: a population-based cross-sectional study in Western China.
Title: Effect of desflurane maintenance on postoperative sleep quality in patients undergoing elective breast surgery: A non-inferiority randomized controlled trial.
Title: Examining High-Risk Factors for Sleep Disorders in Depressed Patients: Evaluating the Impact of Psychological Interventions on Sleep Quality and Mental Well-Being.
Title: Gray matter volume alterations in de novo Parkinson's disease: A mediational role in the interplay between sleep quality and anxiety.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and fear of COVID-19, anxiety, personality traits in working women.
Title: Letter to Editor: Effectiveness of Land- and Water-based Exercise on Fatigue and Sleep Quality in Women With Fibromyalgia: The al-Andalus Quasi-Experimental Study.
Title: Childhood maltreatment predicts poor sleep quality in Chinese adults: The influence of coping style tendencies.
Title: The relationship between time anxiety and college students' sleep quality: the mediating role of irrational procrastination and the moderating effect of physical activity.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and occupational fatigue in endoscopy nurses: mediating role of positive coping style.
Title: Sleep quality and related factors among healthcare workers in designated quarantine hospital site in post-pandemic based on the health ecological model: a cross-sectional study in Nanjing, China.
Title: Effect of music therapy combined with aerobic exercise on sleep quality among breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy after a radical mastectomy: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Prevalence and factors associated with poor sleep quality among nurses in COVID-19 wards.
Title: Determinants of sleep quality among pregnant women in a selected institution in the Southern province, Sri Lanka.
Title: What is in a Day? Investigating the Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Quality of Life Among Caregivers of Children With Autism.
Title: Perceptions of Emerging Adults With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus on How the Condition Influences Sleep Quality: A Qualitative Study.
Title: The role of sleep quality and anxiety symptoms in the association between childhood trauma and self-harm attempt: A chain-mediated analysis in the UK Biobank.
Title: Beyond the Pandemic: Longitudinal Lessons on Social Support, Sleep Quality, and Burnout Among Healthcare Workers.
Title: Analysis of sleep quality, disease uncertainty, and psychological tolerance in patients undergoing chemotherapy for digestive tract malignancies.
Title: Dietary Intake of Nutrients Involved in Serotonin and Melatonin Synthesis and Prenatal Maternal Sleep Quality and Affective Symptoms.
Title: The association between sleep quality and accelerated epigenetic aging with metabolic syndrome in Korean adults.
Title: The effect of massage on cramp frequency, cramp severity, and sleep quality of hemodialysis patients: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Nutraceutical composition (yeast β-glucan, prebiotics, minerals, and silymarin) predicts improvement of sleep quality and metabolic parameters: A randomized pilot study.
Title: Mapping of the network connection between sleep quality symptoms, depression, generalized anxiety, and burnout in the general population of Peru and El Salvador.
Title: Eveningness is associated with more severe depressive symptoms independently of sleep quality and fatigue level only in first-episode but not recurrent depression in major depressive disorder.
Title: Relationship between Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index and Retinopathy in Diabetic Women.
Title: Comparative evaluation of craving, sleep quality, sexual function and quality of life in opioid use disorder patients in remission with buprenorphine/naloxone maintenance treatment.
Title: Effects of short-chain fatty acid-butyrate supplementation on expression of circadian-clock genes, sleep quality, and inflammation in patients with active ulcerative colitis: a double-blind randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effects of high-intensity interval training on subjective sleep quality and daytime sleepiness in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: A secondary analysis from a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Association of Sleep Quality and General, Mental, and Oral Health with Lifestyle Traits (Dietary Intake, Smoking Status) in Arthritis: A Cross-Sectional Study from the Canadian Community Health Survey (CCHS).
Title: Mental Health, Sleep Quality, and Psychological Well-Being during the Holy Month of Ramadan.
Title: Sleep quality and falls in middle-aged and older adults: ELSI-Brazil study.
Title: The impact of sleep quality on emotion regulation difficulties in adolescents: a chained mediation model involving daytime dysfunction, social exclusion, and self-control.
Title: Hypervigilance to pain and sleep quality are confounding variables in the infrared thermography examination of the temporomandibular joint and temporal and masseter muscles.
Title: Sleep Quality and its Daytime Effects among University Students in the UAE.
Title: Differentiating the relationships between traditional and new media use and sleep quality during the COVID-19 pandemic: roles of psychological distress and age.
Title: Analgesic Effect and Sleep Quality of Low-Dose Dexmedetomidine in Cardiac Surgical Patients After Ultrafast-Track Extubation: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: The Limitations of Using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index to Assess Athletes' Sleep Quality: Evidence from Reliability and Validity in Chinese Professional Athletes.
Title: Sleep quality in patients with chronic spontaneous urticaria and relation with Orexin-A, leptin, and ghrelin.
Title: Duration of Water-Based Exercise on Hemodynamic and Sleep Quality: An of Hypertensives and Normotensives Subanalysis.
Title: Washed microbiota transplantation improves sleep quality in patients with sleep disorder by the gut-brain axis.
Title: The impact of sleep quality on visual working memory varied with the duration of maintenance.
Title: [Poor sleep quality contributes to occurrence of posttraumatic stress disorder in trauma patients].
Title: Personalized interpretable prediction of perceived sleep quality: Models with meaningful cardiovascular and behavioral features.
Title: Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Quality of Life: Analysis of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Survivors.
Title: Influence of Age, Obesity, Smoking, Sleep duration, and Sleep Quality on Concentration, Morphology, and Sperm Motility: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The effect of reiki on fatigue and sleep quality in individuals with multiple sclerosis: a randomised controlled study.
Title: Sleep Quality in Patients Receiving Long-term NIV: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Title: Body image, self-efficacy, and sleep quality among patients with breast cancer: A latent profile and mediation analysis.
Title: Effects of COVID-19 lockdown on children´s sleep quality, physical activity, screen time, and diet.
Title: Effects of Naltrexone on Sleep Quality and Periodic Breathing at High Altitude.
Title: Work addiction risk, stress and well-being at work: testing the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: The effect of perceived social support on fatigue in mothers having twin infants: the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: Homes Heat Health protocol: an observational cohort study measuring the effect of summer temperatures on sleep quality.
Title: Exposure to a mixture of metal(loid)s and sleep quality in pregnant women during early pregnancy: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Correction to: Role of vitamin D in the association between pre‑stroke sleep quality and post-stroke depression and anxiety.
Title: Social determinants of sleep quality: association between sleep quality and living environment among older individuals.
Title: Is caregiver sleep quality an important clinical issue?
Title: Association between sleep quality and living environment among Chinese older persons: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality in eating disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Comparing Sleep Quality, Duration, and Efficiency Among Low-Income Community-Dwelling Older Adults With and Without Physical Disabilities.
Title: Relationship between shift type and sleep quality in rotating-shift nurses with chronotype as a moderator variable.
Title: Exploring the Link between Sleep Quality and Temporomandibular Disorders.
Title: Anxiety and sleep quality in patients receiving maintenance hemodialysis: multiple mediating roles of hope and family function.
Title: Effectiveness of craniosacral therapy, Bowen therapy, static touch and standard exercise program on sleep quality in fibromyalgia syndrome: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Impact of USMLE Step 1 transition to pass/fail scoring system on medical students' anxiety, sleep quality, and burnout.
Title: Associations between capacity of cognitive control and sleep quality: a two-wave longitudinal study.
Title: Factors associated with poor sleep quality among dental students in Malaysia.
Title: Associations of Subjective Sleep Quality with Wearable Device-Derived Resting Heart Rate During REM Sleep and Non-REM Sleep in a Cohort of Japanese Office Workers.
Title: Exploring the relationship between smoking and poor sleep quality: a cross-sectional study using NHANES.
Title: The relationship between internet addiction, sleep quality, and psycho-social problems among secondary school students in Erbil, 2023-2024.
Title: Evidence-based interventions to improve sleep quality after thoracic surgery:A retrospective analysis of clinical studies.
Title: Skin pain and sleep quality numeric rating scales for children aged 6 months to 5 years with atopic dermatitis.
Title: Adolescents' short-form video addiction and sleep quality: the mediating role of social anxiety.
Title: Adaptive Functioning and Sleep Quality: Associations in Young Children with Congenital Heart Disease.
Title: Sleep quality and mental disorder symptoms among correctional workers in Ontario, Canada.
Title: Sleep quality worsens over the first year after breast cancer diagnosis.
Title: [Baduanjin improves sleep quality in patients with type 2 diabetes possibly via regulating Bmal1 gene].
Title: The Mediating Role of Sleep Quality, Regularity, and Insomnia on the Relationship Between Adverse Childhood Experiences and Resilience.
Title: Relationship between sleep quality and depression in people with type 2 diabetes.
Title: Correlations between empathy fatigue, occupational identity, and sleep quality in nursing staff: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Chronic stress exposure, social support, and sleep quality among African Americans: findings from the National Survey of American Life-Reinterview.
Title: Mixture of 
Title: Overweight and Obesity Is Associated with Higher Risk of Perceived Stress and Poor Sleep Quality in Young Adults.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality in Asthmatic Children with the Paediatric Sleep Questionnaire (PSQ).
Title: Impact of a Novel Valerian Extract on Sleep Quality, Relaxation, and GABA/Serotonin Receptor Activity in a Murine Model.
Title: The Role of Social Support and Sleep Quality in the Psychological Well-Being of Nurses and Doctors.
Title: Multimodal neuroimaging exploration of the mechanisms of sleep quality deterioration after SARS-CoV-2 Omicron infection.
Title: Effect of auricular acupressure on sleep quality in breast cancer patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Acupuncture and Sleep Quality Among Patients With Parkinson Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Impact of Low-Temperature Plasma Radiofrequency Tonsillectomy on Pain, Inflammatory Markers, and Sleep Quality in Adults with Chronic Tonsillitis.
Title: A scoping review of the effect of chronic stretch training on sleep quality in people with sleep disorders.
Title: Sleep quality predicts future mood symptoms in adolescents with bipolar disorder.
Title: The relationship between neural processing efficiency during inter-hemispheric transfer, alcohol consumption, and sleep quality in college students: an ERP study.
Title: Psychological distress and sleep quality among Sri Lankan medical students during an economic crisis.
Title: Enhancing sleep quality for adult patients: Interventions and insights.
Title: Enhancing sleep quality for adult patients: Interventions and insights.
Title: Regional brain structure mediates the association between sleep quality and intellectual abilities: the moderating role of socioeconomic status.
Title: [Quality of life and sleep quality in patients with chronic pruritus].
Title: Sleep quality mediates the association between chronotype and mental health in young Indian adults.
Title: The relationship between self-compassion, coping style, sleep quality, and depression among college students.
Title: Non-invasive neurostimulation to improve sleep quality and depressive symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Effects of Nighttime Noise Management in Intensive Care Units on Hormone Levels and Sleep Quality in Conscious Patients.
Title: Impacts of Different Noise Environments on Polysomnographic Monitoring Parameters and Sleep Quality Among Hospitalized Patients.
Title: Influence of White Sound on Sleep Quality, Anxiety, and Depression in Patients with Schizophrenia.
Title: Exploring the relationship between sleep patterns and depression among Chinese middle school students: a focus on sleep quality vs. sleep duration.
Title: Case report: Nocturnal low-frequency stimulation of the centromedian thalamic nucleus improves sleep quality and seizure control.
Title: Exploring the interplay of depression, sleep quality, and hearing in tinnitus-related handicap: insights from polysomnography and pure-tone audiometry.
Title: Gut microbiome composition and functionality impact the responsiveness to a dairy-based product containing galacto-oligosaccharides for improving sleep quality in adults.
Title: Combined effects of genetic predisposition and sleep quality on acceleration of biological ageing: Findings from the UK biobank cohort.
Title: [The mediating role of social media addiction and sleep quality in the association between social media usage and depressive symptoms in university students].
Title: Video Game Addiction and its Relationship with Sleep Quality among Medical Students.
Title: Lower motor performance is linked with poor sleep quality, depressive symptoms, and grey matter volume alterations.
Title: Psychometric adaptation of the Spanish version of the Brief Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index in adolescents.
Title: 
Title: Plain Water Intake, Sleep Quality, and Hydration Status of Pregnant Woman in Hainan, China: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Mediating roles of activities of daily living and depression on the relationship between sleep quality and health-related quality of life.
Title: The effect of multiple types of workplace violence on burnout risk, sleep quality, and leaving intention among nurses.
Title: Effectiveness of galcanezumab on sleep quality, migraine outcome, and multidimensional patient-reported outcome measures: a real-world experience in Turkish patients with episodic and chronic migraine.
Title: Poor sleep quality is linked to increased frailty in middle-aged people living with HIV in Botswana.
Title: Association of Preoperative Patient Resilience With Postoperative Patient-Reported Outcomes and Sleep Quality Following Arthroscopic Rotator Cuff Repair: A Systematic Review.
Title: Association between dysphagia risk and sleep quality in community-dwelling older adults: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Effects of school-based physical activity on volition in exercise, sleep quality and internet addiction in Italian adolescents.
Title: Sleep quality among patients with chronic illness in Ethiopia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Prevalence and relevant factors of nocturia and its impact on sleep quality in Chinese university students.
Title: A fish hydrolysate supplement and sleep quality.
Title: Enhancing Sleep Quality in Pediatric Intensive Care: A Chronobiological Perspective.
Title: The mediating effect of sleep quality on exposure to community violence and posttraumatic stress symptoms in the United States.
Title: Sex differences of neural connectivity in internet gaming disorder and its association with sleep quality: an exploratory fMRI study.
Title: Effects of a combination of 
Title: Poor sleep quality and overweight/obesity in healthcare professionals: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Comparing the Efficacy of Acupressure and Foot Reflexology on Sleep Quality in Patients With Leukemia: A Comparative Clinical Trial.
Title: Expressive suppression mediates the relationship between sleep quality and generalized anxiety symptomology.
Title: The Impact of Social Support on Sleep Quality in Elderly Care Institutions in Northeast China: the Chain-Mediating Effect of Psychological Adjustment and Coping Style.
Title: Effect of dexzopiclone combined with horizontal Baduanjin on sleep quality in diabetic patients with heart failure and insomnia.
Title: Stress and sleep quality in palliative care.
Title: Poor sleep quality may trigger cognitive deficits after recovery from COVID-19.
Title: Engagement in binge eating and fasting associated with poorer sleep quality in an online sample of adults.
Title: The Relationship Between Academic Stress, Sleep Quality, and Psychological Wellbeing in Pasifika and New Zealand European Students at the University of Otago.
Title: Impact of smart technology use on sleep quality in individuals with autism spectrum disorder: a mixed-methods investigation.
Title: The subcortical correlates of self-reported sleep quality.
Title: Impact of subjective sleep quality on objective measures of neurocognitive dysfunction in patients with major depressive disorder.
Title: Feasibility and Acceptability of Mindfulness-based Stress Reduction and Prenatal Sleep Classes for Poor Prenatal Sleep Quality: Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The Association Between Diets With High Inflammatory Potential and Sleep Quality and Its Parameters: A Systematic Review.
Title: Sleep quality and the need for recovery among nurses working irregular shifts: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Physical activity patterns, sleep quality, and stress levels among rotating-shift nurses during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Associations between Sleep Quality and Serum Levels of Neurofilament Light in Individuals with Premanifest Huntington Disease.
Title: Efficacy of oral and non-oral migraine prophylactic treatment on self-reported subjective sleep quality in migraine patients with sleep problems: A review and meta-analysis.
Title: The relationship between multiple concussions and multidimensional sleep quality in collegiate-aged, active athletes.
Title: Social support moderates the relationship between sleep quality and mental health: A Chinese Fangcang shelter hospital-based study in asymptomatic COVID-19 carriers.
Title: The Mediation/Moderation Effects of Gut Microbiota on Sleep Quality and Primary Liver Cancer: A Mendelian Randomization and Case-Control Study.
Title: The effects of nonpharmacological sleep hygiene on sleep quality in nonelderly individuals: A systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Long-term gastrointestinal symptoms and sleep quality sequelae in adolescents after COVID-19: a retrospective study.
Title: Dietary inflammatory index (DII) and sleep quality, duration, and timing: A systematic review.
Title: Assessment of sleep quality in patients with orofacial pain and headache complaints: A polysomnographic study.
Title: Post-adoption experiences of discrimination moderated by sleep quality are associated with depressive symptoms in previously institutionalized youth over and above deprivation-induced depression risk.
Title: The Relationship Between Thyroid Dysfunction and Sleep Quality Among Population of Saudi Arabia.
Title: Reduced Health-Related Quality of Life Due to Mobile Phone Dependence in a Sample of Chinese College Students: The Mediating Role of Chronotype and Sleep Quality.
Title: Poor sleep quality is an important modifiable risk factor for dementia: Population attributable fraction of poor sleep in a Brazilian population-based study.
Title: The Mediating Effect of Coping Style in the Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Perceived Cognitive Impairment Among Breast Cancer Patients: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Effects of diabetes mellitus complications on sleep quality among Saudi Arabian patients-A national study.
Title: Effects of Intranasal Insulin Pretreatment on Preoperative Sleep Quality and Postoperative Delirium in Patients Undergoing Valve Replacement for Rheumatic Heart Disease.
Title: The Effect of Physical Activity on Sleep Quality Among Chinese College Students: The Chain Mediating Role of Stress and Smartphone Addiction During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality and mental health among Chinese nurses after the COVID-19 pandemic: A moderated model.
Title: Roles of Sleep Quality, Self-Efficacy, and Coping Style in the Frailty of Community-Dwelling Older Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep quality differences among caregivers for persons living with and without dementia.
Title: Examining the Effects of Supplemental Magnesium on Self-Reported Anxiety and Sleep Quality: A Systematic Review.
Title: Ambient conditions of the operating theatre and its correlation with fatigue and sleep quality of operating room workers: a cross-sectional survey.
Title: Mental well-being and sleep quality among vocational college students in Sichuan, China during standardized COVID-19 management measures.
Title: Insight into sleep quality and its relationship with emotional intelligence: results of a cross-sectional study among Italian university students.
Title: Device-assessed physical activity and sleep quality of post-COVID patients undergoing a rehabilitation program.
Title: Effects of age on the relationship between sleep quality and cognitive performance: Findings from the Human Connectome Project-Aging cohort - CORRIGENDUM.
Title: Effects of strengthening prospective nursing practice on sleep quality, anxiety, and depression of awake patients in intensive care unit.
Title: Prevalence and determinants of poor sleep quality among diabetic patients in Ethiopia: systematic review.
Title: Erratum: Role of dietary fiber and lifestyle modification in gut health and sleep quality.
Title: Effects of Chinese traditional five-element music intervention on postoperative delirium and sleep quality in elderly patients after non-cardiac surgery: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality mediates the effect of medical social support on depression symptoms in patients with HIV/AIDS.
Title: Fatigue and sleep quality improvement through complete decongestive therapy in postmastectomy lymphedema: An investigative analysis.
Title: Maternal affective symptoms and sleep quality have sex-specific associations with placental topography.
Title: Sleep Quality in Greek Adolescent Swimmers.
Title: Sleep Quality and Interoception Are Associated with Generalized Anxiety in Baccalaureate Nursing Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Serum levels of neurotensin, pannexin-1, and sestrin-2 and the correlations with sleep quality or/and cognitive function in the patients with chronic insomnia disorder.
Title: Comparative evaluation of the sleep quality metrics between a cardboard bed and a camp cot: a randomized controlled crossover study.
Title: Association of sleep quality with physical and psychological health indicators in overweight and obese rural Indians.
Title: The positive impact of smoking on poor sleep quality is moderated by IGF1 levels in cerebrospinal fluid: a case-control study among Chinese adults.
Title: Multi-Sensory Stimuli Improve Relaxation and Sleep Quality in Rotating Shift Workers: A Randomized Controlled Trial [Response to Letter].
Title: Analysis of the factors influencing of sleep quality in intensive care unit awake patients based on a structural equation model: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The Contribution of Sleep Quality and Psychological Factors to the Experience of Within-Day Pain Fluctuations Among Individuals With Temporomandibular Disorders.
Title: Dietary Supplementation with an Extract of 
Title: Ingestion of β-nicotinamide mononucleotide increased blood NAD levels, maintained walking speed, and improved sleep quality in older adults in a double-blind randomized, placebo-controlled study.
Title: Black patients with heart failure have worse quality of life than whites, possibly from worse depression symptoms and sleep quality.
Title: Effect of holographic Guasha on sleep quality of older adults with hypertension in the community: A prospective study.
Title: Factors Affecting Sleep Quality among University Medical and Nursing Students: A Study in Two Countries in the Mediterranean Region.
Title: Reply to Addressing limitations in studying prophylactic therapies and sleep quality in migraine management.
Title: The Relationships Among Family Functioning, Sleep Quality and Quality of Life in Chinese Community-Dwelling Older Adults with Insomnia: A Structural Equation Model.
Title: Effects of cognitive training and behavior modification on aggressive behavior and sleep quality in schizophrenia.
Title: Impact of Mindfulness on sleep quality in innovative corporate employees: A chain mediation of Social Interaction Anxiety and bedtime procrastination.
Title: Delirium and sleep quality in the intensive care unit: the role of melatonin.
Title: Evaluating the role of heart rate variability in monitoring stress and sleep quality among nurses in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Adolescent Sleep Quality and Alcohol Use: An Initial Examination of the Serial Indirect Effects of Anxiety Symptoms and Coping Motives for Alcohol Use.
Title: Sleep quality during pregnancy and fetal growth: A prospective cohort study.
Title: Stress in autism (STREAM): A study protocol on the role of circadian activity, sleep quality and sensory reactivity.
Title: Influence of physical exercise on negative emotions in college students: chain mediating role of sleep quality and self-rated health.
Title: Effectiveness of Brain Gym Exercises Over Cognitive Behavioural Therapy in Improving Sleep Quality Among Healthcare University Students: A Comparative Study.
Title: Benson relaxation technique to address sleep quality and aggression among patients with bipolar type I disorder: A randomized clinical trial study.
Title: Effects of mind-regulating acupuncture on pain, negative emotion and sleep quality in patients with postherpetic neuralgia： a randomized controlled pilot trial.
Title: ACTIVE-FIT program: Assessment of sleep quality and its relationship with physical activity in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
Title: Associations of dietary patterns with objective and subjective sleep duration and sleep quality in a population-based cohort study.
Title: Living in urban or rural environments affect the sleep quality of the elderly in Bushehr (Southern Iran): emphasizing the active and inactive of the elderly.
Title: Prevalence of poor sleep quality among pregnant women in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Comment on "The impact of 5-hydroxytryptophan supplementation on sleep quality and gut microbiota composition in older adults: A randomized controlled trial" clinical nutrition 2024.
Title: Accelerometer-measured sleep behaviour and parent-child sleep guideline adherence and sleep quality in Czech families with children aged 3-8 years: the FAMIly Physical Activity, Sedentary behaviour and Sleep (FAMIPASS) study.
Title: Poor sleep quality and associated factors among healthcare professionals at the University of Gondar Comprehensive Specialized Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia.
Title: Depression, Anxiety and Poor Sleep Quality are Associated with Chronotype and Financial Wellness in University Students.
Title: Comparison of sleep quality between outpatient and hospitalized children with respiratory tract dysfunction.
Title: Sleep quality of adult recreational cannabis users: a systematic review of literature.
Title: Assessing sleep quality in elite and junior cyclists.
Title: Screen Time Among Medical and Nursing Students and Its Correlation With Sleep Quality and Attention Span: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Poor sleep quality and associated factors among adult chronic kidney disease patients.
Title: Reply to Letter to the Editor: Perioperative Sleep Quality Disturbances in Total Joint Arthroplasty Is Multifactorial.
Title: Letter to the Editor: "Perioperative Sleep Quality Disturbances in Total Joint Arthroplasty is Multifactorial".
Title: Maternal Sleep Quality and Executive Function are Associated with Perceptions of Infant Sleep.
Title: Progressive muscle relaxation alleviates anxiety and improves sleep quality among healthcare practitioners in a mobile cabin hospital: a pre-post comparative study in China.
Title: Impact of fibromyalgia severity on patients mood, sleep quality, and quality of life.
Title: Sleep quality and cognitive functioning among Chinese older adults living in the US: A mixed-effects model analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Subjective Cognitive Decline among Older Adults: The Mediating Role of Anxiety/Depression and Worries.
Title: Sleep Quality Moderates the Associations between Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Hippocampal and Entorhinal Volume in Middle-Aged and Older Adults.
Title: Patients With Hemangioblastoma: Mood Disorders and Sleep Quality.
Title: Exploring workability in an older working population: associations with cognitive functioning, sleep quality, and technostress.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Cognitive Symptoms in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder.
Title: The association of comorbidities with sleep quality among Australians with multiple sclerosis: Insights from the Australian Multiple Sclerosis Longitudinal Study.
Title: Prevalence of Sleep Disorders and the Effect of Sleep Health Education on Sleep Quality in Pregnant Women With Sleep Disorders.
Title: Reevaluating Sleep Quality During COVID-19 and Associations With Quarantine, Mental Health, Stress, and Screen Time in Young Adults: Results From a Cross-Sectional Online Survey.
Title: Current Evidence on Common Dietary Supplements for Sleep Quality.
Title: Classification of Sleep Quality and Aging as a Function of Brain Complexity: A Multiband Non-Linear EEG Analysis.
Title: The Interplay of Sleep Quality, Mental Health, and Sociodemographic and Clinical Factors among Italian College Freshmen.
Title: The Effect of a Cognitive Dual Task on Gait Parameters among Healthy Young Adults with Good and Poor Sleep Quality: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
Title: Addressing limitations in studying prophylactic therapies and sleep quality in migraine management.
Title: Investigating the Effect of a Multicomponent Exercise Program on Adropin, Endothelial Function, Insulin Resistance, and Sleep Quality in Overweight Older Adults (a Link With Physiological Indexes and Sleep Quality): Results of a Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: A comparative analysis of sleep quality and time management skills between shift and non-shift police officers.
Title: Relationship between the presence of meaning in life and sleep quality: A moderated chain-mediation model.
Title: Mood and Sleep Quality in Peruvian Medical Students During COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Financial Hardship and Sleep Quality Among Black American Women With and Without Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.
Title: The relationship between childhood adversity and sleep quality among rural older adults in China: the mediating role of anxiety and negative coping.
Title: Effort-reward imbalance and sleep quality in railway locomotive stewards: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality according to chronotype in nurses working 8-hour shifts.
Title: Prenatal maternal stress, sleep quality, and neonatal birth weight: A prospective cohort study.
Title: Sleep quality depends not only on radicular pain but also on other factors.
Title: Efficacy of cardiopulmonary rehabilitation nursing in enhancing pulmonary function, sleep quality, and living ability in COVID-19 patients.
Title: [Association between the clustering of adverse childhood experiences and sleep quality in middle-aged and older Chinese adults].
Title: Influence of psychometric and sleep quality features on painful mechanical sensitivity and pain modulation in patients with temporomandibular disorders.
Title: Multi-Sensory Stimuli Improve Relaxation and Sleep Quality in Rotating Shift Workers: A Randomized Controlled Trial [Letter].
Title: Midpoint of sleep is associated with sleep quality in older adults with and without symptomatic Alzheimer's disease.
Title: Poor subjective sleep quality and trait impulsivity in patients with bipolar disorder.
Title: The Impact of Problematic Smartphone Use on Sleep Quality Among Chinese Young Adults: Investigating Anxiety and Depression as Mediators in a Three-Wave Longitudinal Study.
Title: The Role of Anxiety and Depression in the Relationship Among Emotional Eating, Sleep Quality, and Impulsivity.
Title: Early sleep intervention for improving infant sleep quality: a randomized controlled trial, preliminary result.
Title: Association between magnesium deficiency score and sleep quality in adults: A population-based cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep initiation patterns and sleep quality among toddlers in the southeast of China: initial study results.
Title: Childhood unpredictability and sleep quality in adulthood: the mediating roles of life history strategy and perceived stress.
Title: Association Between Physical Activity Amount and Cardiorespiratory Fitness, Sleep Quality, and Health-Related Quality of Life in Patients With Long COVID: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Deep Learning-Based Sleep Onset Latency Distribution Using an Electroencephalogram.
Title: Prevalence and bidirectional association of sleep quality and gut health among Chinese midwives: a large population, multi-center cross-sectional study.
Title: Effects of three-duration Tai-Chi exercises on depression and sleep quality in older women.
Title: Effects of intensity, frequency, and time window of exercise on sleep quality among community-dwelling adults aged 65-86 years.
Title: Role of social support in the relationship between resilience and sleep quality among cancer patients.
Title: Association between stressful life events and sleep quality in Chinese university students: Mediating and moderating roles of emotion regulation.
Title: Association between nighttime sleep duration, midday napping, and sleep quality during early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study in China.
Title: Sleep quality as a mediator between family function and life satisfaction among Chinese older adults in nursing home.
Title: The Relationship Between Sleep Quality, Sleep Duration, Social Jet Lag and Obesity in Adolescents.
Title: Neural Network-Based Prediction of Perceived Sleep Quality Through Wearable Device Data.
Title: Dupilumab improves sleep quality in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps.
Title: Perivascular space diffusivity and brain microstructural measures are associated with circadian time and sleep quality.
Title: Healthier Dietary Patterns Are Associated with Better Sleep Quality among Shanghai Suburban Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Poor Self-Rated Sleep Quality and Quantity Associated with Poor Oral Health-Related Quality of Life among Indigenous Australian Adults.
Title: The role of victimisation and sleep quality in self-harm and depression among sexual minority adolescents. A prospective cohort study.
Title: Impact of physical therapy techniques and common interventions on sleep quality in patients with chronic pain: A systematic review.
Title: Nocturnal Smartphone Use Affects Sleep Quality and Cognitive and Physical Performance in Tunisian School-Age Children.
Title: Stressful Life Events, Sleep Quality and Non-Suicidal Self-Injury in Chinese Adolescents: The Moderating Effect of Sensation Seeking.
Title: Sleep quality and characteristics of older adults with acute cardiovascular disease.
Title: Alterations in the fecal microbiota of methamphetamine users with bad sleep quality during abstinence.
Title: The relationship between COVID-19 stress and test anxiety in art students: the chain mediating roles of intolerance of uncertainty and sleep quality.
Title: The Association Between Tinnitus Sensation-Level Loudness and Sleep Quality in Patients With Subjective Consecutive Tinnitus: A Mediation Analysis.
Title: Prevalence and related factors of sleep quality among Chinese undergraduates in Jiangsu Province: multiple models' analysis.
Title: Resilience provides mediating effect of resilience between fear of progression and sleep quality in patients with hematological malignancies.
Title: Sleep Quality and Suicidal Ideation in Adolescent Depression: A Chain Mediation Effect of Perceived Social Support and Resilience.
Title: Baseline coronary artery stenosis severity is an independent predictor of subsequent poor sleep quality in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
Title: Are depression and poor sleep quality a major problem in Turkish Women receiving chemotherapy for breast cancer?
Title: Relationships between sleep, quality of life and anxiety in patients undergoing cardiac surgeries.
Title: Applicability of the Self-Evaluation Scale of nursing practices for improving sleep quality among patients with dementia taking sleeping pills to general nurses.
Title: The effect of circadian timing program for evening-chronotype individuals with obesity on obesity management and sleep quality: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: The effectiveness of the TRACE online nutrition intervention in improving dietary intake, sleep quality and physical activity levels for Australian adults with food addiction: a randomised controlled trial.
Title: Substance Abuse and Sleep Quality in University Students.
Title: The Prevalence of Depression and Anxiety and Its Association with Sleep Quality in the First-Year Medical Science Students.
Title: Effects of resistance training on sleep quality and disorders among individuals diagnosed with cancer: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Sleep quality during and after severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (COVID-19) lockdowns in the UK: Results from the SleepQuest study.
Title: Chronotype and subjective sleep quality predict white matter integrity in young people with emerging mental disorders.
Title: Sleeping Safe and Sound: A Multidisciplinary Hospital-wide Infant Safe Sleep Quality Improvement Initiative.
Title: Changes in the Objective Measures of Sleep in Association with Menses Among Female Athletes with Poor Subjective Sleep Quality: Female Athletes with Poor Subjective Sleep Quality Have More Sleep Arousals During Menses.
Title: Commentary: Sleep quality, quality of life, fatigue, and mental health in COVID-19 post-pandemic Türkiye: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Association of depression and sleep quality with frailty: a cross-sectional study in China.
Title: Exploring suicide ideation in university students: sleep quality, social media, self-esteem, and barriers to seeking psychological help.
Title: The Indirect Effect of Sleep Quality on Stress-Related Psychosocial Outcomes in Adolescents: An Investigation Across Genders.
Title: Testing the reliability and validity of the Korean version of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index using Fitbit devices: a cross-sectional analysis.
Title: Eating habits and sleep quality in individuals with type 1 diabetes on continuous glucose monitoring and insulin pump.
Title: Association between sleep quality with maternal and neonatal outcomes during the covid-19 pandemic.
Title: The association of stress perception on anxiety, depression and sleep quality in parents of children with burns: The moderating effect of social support.
Title: The optimal exercise intervention for sleep quality in adults: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: The Influence of Emergency Call Volume on Occupational Workload and Sleep Quality in Urban Firefighters.
Title: The Association Between Mood Stabilizers, Sleep Quality, and Functioning in Patients With Remitted Bipolar Disorder.
Title: Effectiveness of a grid mattress on adults' sleep quality and health: A quasi-experimental intervention study.
Title: The effects of progressive muscle relaxation exercise applied to lung cancer patients receiving chemotherapy on dyspnea, pain and sleep quality: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Role of dietary fiber and lifestyle modification in gut health and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality and screen time among university professors: impact of emergency remote teaching amidst COVID-19 crisis.
Title: Sleep Quality in High-Risk Pregnancies: Mixed Methods Results from a Randomized Controlled Trial of a Mindfulness Training Intervention.
Title: Integrating non-pharmacological interventions for enhancing sleep quality in older adults: Insights from the 'Ease Through the Pandemic' initiative.
Title: Effect of dynamic binaural beats on sleep quality: a proof-of-concept study with questionnaire and biosignals.
Title: How do sleepwear and bedding fibre types affect sleep quality: A systematic review.
Title: Impact of sleep quality and physical activity on blood pressure variability.
Title: Does Parkinson's disease affect sleep quality?
Title: The effect of maternal sleep quality in late pregnancy on prenatal, birth and early postnatal outcomes.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality in Jamaican Adults With Sickle Cell Disease: Prevalence, Risk Factors, and Association With Quality of Life.
Title: Objectively assessed sleep quality parameters in Multiple Sclerosis at home: Association to disease, disease severity and physical activity.
Title: Associations of Sleep Quality and Physical Activity with Diabetes Quality of Life in Korean Americans with Type 2 Diabetes: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Photophobia is associated with lower sleep quality in individuals with migraine: results from the American Registry for Migraine Research (ARMR).
Title: EXAMINATION OF THE INCIDENCE OF POOR SLEEP QUALITY AND FACTORS ASSOCIATED FOR POOR SLEEP DURING THE VARIOUS PHASES OF PREGNANCIES.
Title: Evaluation of isotretinoin effects on depression, sleep apnea and sleep quality.
Title: Attachment and sleep quality in adults: A multilevel meta-analysis of actor and partner effect.
Title: Effects of dopaminergic therapy on sleep quality in fluctuating Parkinson's disease patients.
Title: Cardiopulmonary rehabilitation's influence on cognitive functions, psychological state, and sleep quality in long COVID-19 patients: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Comment on 'Comparative efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions on sleep quality in old adults: A systematic review and network meta-analysis'.
Title: Association of sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and sleep quality with anxiety symptoms: a cross-sectional study of Tibetan college students at high altitude.
Title: Non-pharmacological interventions to improve sleep quality and quantity for hospitalized adult patients-co-produced study with surgical patient partners: systematic review.
Title: Assessment of sleep quality in severe COVID-19 hospitalised patients.
Title: Intervention model under the Omaha system framework can effectively improve the sleep quality and negative emotion of patients with mid to late-stage lung cancer and is a protective factor for quality of life.
Title: Sleep quality, perceived stress and associated factors in women undergoing IVF treatment: short-term longitudinal study.
Title: The role of interaction between vitamin D and VDR FokI gene polymorphism (rs2228570) in sleep quality of adults.
Title: Effects of web neonatal intensive care unit diaries on the mental health, quality of life, sleep quality, care ability, and hormone levels of parents of preterm infants in the neonatal intensive care unit: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Gender-specific link between sleep quality and body composition components: a cross-sectional study on the elderly.
Title: Profile and Correlates of Sleep Quality and Obstructive Sleep Apnoea among Young Persons in Ibadan, Southwestern Nigeria.
Title: Association between sleep quality and dry eye disease: a literature review and meta-analysis.
Title: Effect of a nutraceutical combination on sleep quality among people with impaired sleep: a randomised, placebo-controlled trial.
Title: The Impact of Transcatheter or Surgical Defect Closure on Self-Reported Sleep Quality in Adults with Atrial Septal Defect.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and gait in people with multiple sclerosis: A pilot study.
Title: The influence of sociodemographic and health-related factors, clinical education status, and sleep quality on work-related quality of life among dental students.
Title: Associations between neighbourhood safety, social cohesion, sleep quality and sleep duration among older adults in India: Findings from the Study on Global Aging and Adult Health (WHO-SAGE), 2015.
Title: Sleep quality and psychological health in patients with pelvic and acetabulum fractures: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The effect of family health on suboptimal health status: The parallel mediation role of sleep quality and health behaviour.
Title: Multi-Sensory Stimuli Improve Relaxation and Sleep Quality in Rotating Shift Workers: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Poor sleep quality and its associated factors among working adults during COVID-19 pandemic in Malaysia.
Title: A comparison of two obesity-related hypoventilation disorders: Impact on sleep, quality of life and neurocognitive outcomes and the effects of positive airway pressure therapy.
Title: Self-reported neighborhood stressors and sleep quality among Puerto Rican young adults.
Title: Pregnancy Concerns as Predictors of Sleep Quality in Primigravid Women: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Breastfeeding self-efficacy in terms of sleep quality, perceived social support, depression and certain variables: a cross-sectional study of postpartum women in Turkey.
Title: Inhalation effect of lychee-scented candles on stress and sleep quality among adults and the elderly: a pilot randomized controlled study.
Title: Evaluation of a daily facial massage on perceived sleep quality and well-being: A pilot study.
Title: Non-pharmacological interventions improve sleep quality after cardiac surgery: Subgroup analysis based on care settings.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among university students in Africa: a systematic review and meta-analysis study.
Title: The Impact of Long COVID on Cognitive Performance and Sleep Quality: An Analysis of the Rancagua Chilean Study (RACHIS).
Title: Night eating and its relationship with BMI, stress, sleep quality and duration of study among university students.
Title: Self-reported physical activity and sleep quality is associated with working memory function in middle-aged and older adults during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: The effects of web-based animation-supported progressive relaxation exercises applied to individuals with epilepsy on fatigue and sleep quality: A randomized controlled study.
Title: Risk factors affecting the sleep quality of patients on dialysis: A single-center cross-sectional study.
Title: Prevalence of poor sleep quality among physicians and nurses in a tertiary health care center.
Title: Associations between sleep quality and irritability: Testing the mediating role of emotion regulation.
Title: Serial mediation effect of physical activity and sleep quality between dietary behaviour and depression symptoms: A nationwide cross-sectional survey.
Title: The interplay between subclinical hypothyroidism and poor sleep quality: A systematic review.
Title: Can't stop won't stop: problematic phone use, sleep quality, and mental health in U.S. Graduate students.
Title: Clinical Hypnosis Intervention for Improving Sleep Quality: Emerging Research and Future Directions.
Title: Sleep Quality in CrossFit: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Evaluation of the Association between Medication Use and Sleep Quality among Shift Workers versus Day Workers.
Title: Prevalence of Poor Sleep Quality and its Association with Lifestyle Habits, Competition-Based Activities, and Psychological Distress in Japanese Student-Athletes During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: The Relationship Between Nurses' Sleep Quality and Their Tendency to Commit Medical Errors.
Title: The Relationship Between Patients' Overall ICU Experiences, Psychological Distress, and Sleep Quality Among Jordanian Burn Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Dietary Inflammatory Index, Sleep Duration, and Sleep Quality: A Systematic Review.
Title: Influence of Pelvic Floor Disorders on Sleep Quality in Women.
Title: Relationships between Sleep Quality, Introspective Accuracy, and Confidence Differ among People with Schizophrenia, Schizoaffective Disorder, and Bipolar Disorder with Psychotic Features.
Title: The effect of the Yara smartphone application on anxiety, sleep quality, and suicidal thoughts in patients with major depressive disorder in Iran: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Evaluating the effects of Bacopa monnieri on cognitive performance and sleep quality of patients with mild cognitive impairment: A triple-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial.
Title: Leptin moderates the relationship between sleep quality and memory function: A population-based study.
Title: Bright light therapy has a positive effect on sleep quality in patients with cancer: A meta-analysis.
Title: Association of Meal Timing with Sleep Quality and Anxiety According to Chronotype: A Study of University Students.
Title: Electronic Media Use and Sleep Quality: Updated Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and chronotype differences and urticaria severity in patients with chronic spontaneous urticaria.
Title: Implications of childhood adversity for women's perinatal sleep quality and depressive symptoms over time: A serial mediation model.
Title: Influencing factors of sleep quality in pregnant: a structural equation model approach.
Title: Association of the Combination of Moderate-to-Vigorous Physical Activity and Sleep Quality with Physical Frailty.
Title: Assessing the Real-World, Long-Term Impact of Lemborexant on Sleep Quality in a Home-Based Clinical Study.
Title: Does cognitive behavioral therapy improve sleep quality during pregnancy?
Title: Examining the structure validity of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index among female workers during New Zealand's initial COVID-19 lockdown.
Title: The effects of Tai Chi exercise on sleep quality among the elderly: a study based on polysomnographic monitoring.
Title: Sleep quality relates to language impairment in children with autism spectrum disorder without intellectual disability.
Title: Psychological and Physical Well-Being in Women Diagnosed with Breast Cancer: A Comprehensive Study of Anxiety, Depression, Sleep Quality, Physical Activity, and Sociodemographic Factors.
Title: Effects of prophylactic drug therapies and anti-calcitonin peptide-related monoclonal antibodies on subjective sleep quality: An Italian multicenter study.
Title: The Effect of Hot and Cold Water Applications on Restless Legs Syndrome Complaints and Sleep Quality of Pregnant Women: A Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: Postoperative Patient Pain Severity and Its Association With Anxiety, Depression, and Sleep Quality.
Title: The mediating and moderating effects of resilience on the relationship between sleep quality and psychological distress in Chinese women with infertility.
Title: Mediating effects of sleep quality between clinical characteristics and quality of life in children with epilepsy: A cross-sectional study from Southwest China.
Title: Impact of Social Media Addiction and Internet Gaming Disorder on Sleep Quality: Serial Mediation Analyses.
Title: Factors Associated With Poor Sleep Quality Among Primary Healthcare Workers During the SARS-CoV-2 Pandemic.
Title: Relationship between working hours and sleep quality with consideration to effect modification by work style: a community-based cross-sectional study.
Title: Assessment of Sleep Quality in Spanish Twin Pregnancy: An Observational Single-Center Study.
Title: The phenotype of recovery XI: associations of sleep quality and perceived stress with discounting and quality of life in substance use recovery.
Title: Geographic differences in psychological symptoms, sleep quality, and quality of life in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: A multicenter study in China.
Title: Association between sleep quality, depressive symptoms, and suicidal ideation in college students.
Title: Association of sleep duration and sleep quality with gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women after treatment with assisted reproductive technology: A birth cohort study.
Title: Effects of stress on sleep quality: multiple mediating effects of rumination and social anxiety.
Title: The Mediating Role of Family Functions Between Pregnancy-Related Anxiety and Sleep Quality: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Effect of Progressive Muscle Relaxation Exercises on Sleep Quality in Cancer Patients Undergoing Chemotherapy: A Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: The effect of lavender and bergamot oil applied via inhalation on the anxiety level and sleep quality of surgical intensive care unit patients.
Title: Prevalence and network analysis of internet addiction, depression and their associations with sleep quality among commercial airline pilots: A national survey in China.
Title: Sleep quality in relation to perceived psychological stress in patients with type 2 diabetes and in age- and sex-matched control individuals.
Title: Efficacy of a fish hydrolysate supplement on sleep quality: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover clinical trial.
Title: Sleep quality of patients with diabetes mellitus: association with anxiety trait and state.
Title: Effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions in improving sleep quality after cardiac surgery: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The thalamic clustering coefficient moderates the vigor-sleep quality relationship.
Title: Correction: The thalamic clustering coefficient moderates the vigor-sleep quality relationship.
Title: TBSS analysis of white matter fasciculus in chronic insomnia and the relationship with sleep quality and cognitive function.
Title: Social media-related nightmare - a potential explanation for poor sleep quality and low affective well-being in the social media era?
Title: Predictors and disturbances of sleep quality between men and women: results from a cross-sectional study in Jordan.
Title: Sleep Quality, Nutrient Intake, and Social Development Index Predict Metabolic Syndrome in the Tlalpan 2020 Cohort: A Machine Learning and Synthetic Data Study.
Title: Association between Low Energy Availability (LEA) and Impaired Sleep Quality in Young Rugby Players.
Title: Association between sleep quality and quality of life in Singapore.
Title: Validity and Reliability of the Greek Version of Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index in Chronic Non-Specific Low Back Pain Patients.
Title: Sleep quality and sleep deprivation: relationship with academic performance in university students during examination period.
Title: Mediating roles of sleep quality and resilience in the relationships between chronotypes and mental health symptoms.
Title: Objective sleep quality predicts subjective sleep ratings.
Title: Sepsis one-hour bundle management combined with psychological intervention on negative emotion and sleep quality in patients with sepsis.
Title: Sleep quality and shift work among Moroccan nurses: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality, quality of life, fatigue, and mental health in COVID-19 post-pandemic Türkiye: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The role of perceived social support from family, friends and significant others in the association between childhood maltreatment on sleep quality in adolescents: Evidence from a weekly diary study.
Title: Reduced sleep quality defines a subtype of obsessive-compulsive disorder with lower Glx levels in the resting thalamus and worse response inhibition.
Title: Do blue light filter applications improve sleep outcomes? A study of smartphone users' sleep quality in an observational setting.
Title: Association between sleep quality and blood pressure control among hypertensive patients at a rural tertiary hospital in Southern Nigeria: a cross-sectional study.
Title: A brief mindfulness-based intervention, sleep quality, sleep duration, and fatigue among nurses: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Validation of the Survey of Sleep Quality in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (SSqPICU).
Title: The Impact of Sleep Quality on Cognitive Function in Patients with Chronic Subjective Tinnitus.
Title: Protein intake and its association with sleep quality: results from 3 prospective cohort studies.
Title: Relationships between internet addiction, smartphone addiction, sleep quality, and academic performance among high-school students.
Title: Effects of different types of exercise on sleep quality based on Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index in middle-aged and older adults: a network meta-analysis.
Title: A cross-sectional observational study for ethno-geographical disparities in sleep quality, brain morphometry and cognition (a SOLACE study) in Indians residing in India, and South Asians and Europeans residing in the UK - a study protocol.
Title: Effect of tuina on sleep quality, psychological state and neurotransmitter level in patients with insomnia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions for sleep quality in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Association of COVID-19 preventive behavior and job-related stress with the sleep quality of healthcare workers one year into the COVID-19 outbreak: a Japanese cross-sectional survey.
Title: Sleep Quality as a Critical Pathway Between Adverse Childhood Experiences and Multimorbidity and the Impact of Lifestyle.
Title: High Heart Rate Variability Buffers the Effect of Attachment Insecurity on Sleep Quality.
Title: Bidirectional associations between sleep quality/duration and multimorbidity in middle-aged and older people Chinese adults: a longitudinal study.
Title: Sleep Quality and Associated Factors Among Survivors of Breast Cancer: From Diagnosis to One Year Postdiagnosis.
Title: Patient-reported outcomes on sleep quality and circadian rhythm during treatment with intravenous ketamine for treatment-resistant depression.
Title: Skipping breakfast and its association with sociodemographic characteristics, night eating syndrome, and sleep quality among university students in Bangladesh.
Title: Ambient particulate matter and surrounding greenness in relation to sleep quality among pregnant women: A nationwide cohort study.
Title: Effects of Pilates method on quality of life, fatigue and sleep quality among breast cancer women receiving hormone therapy - Two-arm randomized clinical trial.
Title: Trajectory of anxiety/depressive symptoms and sleep quality in individuals who had been hospitalized by COVID-19: The LONG-COVID-EXP multicenter study.
Title: Associations of perceived stress with loneliness and depressive symptoms: the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: The prevalence of poor sleep quality in the general population in China: a meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Title: Craniocervical Pain, Sleep Quality, Depressive Symptoms, and Physical Activity in Healthcare Workers During COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Exercise, Sleep Quality, and Physical Health during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: An observational study: The relationship between sleep quality and angiographic progression in patients with chronic coronary artery disease.
Title: Parent-child associations of sleep quality: is physical activity a confounder? The EPI-FAMILY health study.
Title: Effect of remimazolam on postoperative sleep quality in patients undergoing laparoscopic hysterectomy: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Impact of Yoga on anxiety, stress and sleep quality among health care professionals during a public health crisis.
Title: When experiencing nice interactions at work: Good sleep quality via well-being.
Title: Relationship between dietary diversity and sleep quality: a Chinese community-based study.
Title: Comparative efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions on sleep quality in old adults: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Effect of Reflexology on Pain, Fatigue, Sleep Quality, and Lactation in Postpartum Primiparous Women After Cesarean Delivery: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep duration and perceptions of sleep quality in British Army recruits during basic training - an observational analysis.
Title: The associations between repetitive negative thinking, insomnia symptoms, and sleep quality in adults with a history of trauma.
Title: Day-to-day bidirectional associations between sleep and emotion states in early childhood: Importance of end-of-day mood for sleep quality.
Title: Does sleep quality affect balance? The perspective from the somatosensory, vestibular, and visual systems.
Title: Concurrent training associated with moderate walnut consumption improved isokinetic strength, subjective sleep quality, cognitive performance and postural balance in elderly active men: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effects of shift work on sleep quality and cardiovascular function in Taiwanese police officers.
Title: Association between physical activity and sleep quality among healthcare students.
Title: Efficacy of epidural esketamine on postoperative sleep quality after laparoscopic and robotic lower abdominal surgeries: a study protocol for randomised, double-blind, controlled trial.
Title: Depressive Symptoms, Sleep Quality, and Pain Are Associated With Frailty in Nursing Home Residents During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality and its association with anxiety, stress, sleep-related beliefs and attitudes and postural control in young adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality and its associated factors among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in Hunan, China: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Factors associated with sleep quality in patients undergoing cardiac surgery: A longitudinal study.
Title: The effect of foot bath on sleep quality in the elderly: a systematic review.
Title: Effects of physical activity on sleep quality and wellbeing.
Title: The association between Superwoman schema and subjective sleep quality among Black women.
Title: The assessment of fatigue and sleep quality among children and adolescents with familial Mediterranean fever: A case-control and correlation study.
Title: Non-Pharmacological Intervention for Personalizing Sleep Quality through Gentle Rocking Motion.
Title: The Effect of Sleep Quality on Coronary Lesion Severity and Prognosis in the Young Acute Coronary Syndrome Population.
Title: The Interplay of Anxiety, Depression, Sleep Quality, and Socioeconomic Factors in Somali Hemodialysis Patients.
Title: The associations between sleep quality, mood, pain and appetite in community dwelling older adults: a daily experience study.
Title: Sleep quality and the intention to modify sleep behaviors among night-shift nurses.
Title: A narrative review of research linking non-sexual social touch to sleep quality.
Title: Global prevalence of poor sleep quality in cancer patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The context of COVID-19 affected the long-term sleep quality of older adults more than SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Title: Inequalities in emerging adult college students' sleep quality during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Effect of fear of hypoglycaemia on sleep quality of patients with type 2 mellitus diabetes: The mediating role of alexithymia.
Title: Sleep quality among non-hospitalized COVID-19 survivors: a national cross-sectional study.
Title: Depression, anxiety, lower sleep quality and social support in square cabin hospitals during Shanghai's COVID-19 lockdown, China.
Title: Analysis of Sleep Quality and Its Influencing Factors in Chronic Nephritis Patients: A Survey in a Hospital.
Title: The Association of Salivary Flow Rate and Sleep Quality among Head and Neck Cancer Survivors after Radiotherapy.
Title: Sleep Quality in Individuals with and without Persistent Postpartum Hypertension.
Title: Association of atopic dermatitis with depression and sleep quality in an Asian general population cohort of 8887 participants.
Title: Comparison of vergence mechanisms between university students with good and poor sleep quality.
Title: Prevalence of internet gaming addiction and its association with sleep quality in medical students.
Title: A Survey of Sleep Quality From a Post-COVID Clinic.
Title: Effects of a family judo program on sleep quality in youth with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Title: Sleep quality and psychological disorders in breast cancer female patients receiving radiotherapy at a tertiary oncology center in West Saudi Arabia.
Title: Influence of sleep quality on lapse to alcohol use during a quit attempt.
Title: Effects of vitamin D and/or calcium intervention on sleep quality in individuals with prediabetes: a post hoc analysis of a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Intake of dietary advanced glycation end products may be associated with depression and sleep quality in young adults.
Title: Effect of White Noise Intervention Combined with Multi-dimensional Nursing Mode on Sleep Quality and Incidence of Nosocomial Infection in Patients Undergoing Hip Replacement.
Title: Evaluation of racial and ethnic heterogeneity in the associations of sleep quality and sleep apnea risk with cognitive function and cognitive decline.
Title: Bifidobacterium longum 1714 improves sleep quality and aspects of well-being in healthy adults: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Title: Improvement of mood and sleep quality in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism after parathyroidectomy: A prospective case-control study.
Title: Multi-strain probiotic improves subjective sleep quality with no impact on body composition, hemodynamics, and physical activity.
Title: The mediating role of impulsivity between sleep quality and suicidal ideation in adolescent population: a multicenter cross-sectional study in the northeastern Sichuan, China.
Title: Mental health problems, sleep quality and overuse injuries in advanced Swedish rock-climbers - the CLIMB study.
Title: A latent profile analysis of resilience and their relation to differences in sleep quality in patients with lung cancer.
Title: Positive psychological traits predict future sleep quality and quantity: exploring emotion regulation as a common mediator.
Title: Effects of sleep quality on diurnal variation of brain volume in older adults: A retrospective cross-sectional study.
Title: Daily light exposure profiles and the association with objective sleep quality in patients with Parkinson's disease: The PHASE study.
Title: Predictors of sleep quality components in patients undergoing transarterial chemoembolisation: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Mediating effect of sleep quality on the association between job stress and health-related productivity loss among workers in R&D enterprises in Shanghai.
Title: Influence of stress, anxiety, and depression on sleep quality and academic performance of medical students in Fallujah University, Iraq.
Title: The impact of sleep quality on the prognosis of inflammatory bowel disease commonly overlooked by gastroenterologists.
Title: Sleep quality and clinicaland laboratory variables associated with sleep disturbances in patients with systemic sclerosis.
Title: Investigating the Effectiveness of Modifying the Parent-Child Interaction Pattern Based on Filial Play Therapy on Internet Addiction, Sleep Quality, and Self-efficacy in 9-12-Year-Old Children.
Title: Examining the effects of binaural beat music on sleep quality, heart rate variability, and depression in older people with poor sleep quality in a long-term care institution: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Relation of Sleep Quality to a Panel of Plasma Cardiometabolic Markers in Airline Pilots: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Links Among Cumulative Ecological Risk and Smartphone Addiction, Sleep Quality in Chinese University Freshmen: A Two-Wave Study.
Title: Sleep quality assessment of adults in care settings using non-wearable sleep trackers: Scoping review.
Title: Effects of air purifiers on rhinitis quality of life and perception of sleep quality in people with asthma: Randomised controlled trial.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality and Related Factors in Community-Dwelling Adults: Ardakan Cohort Study on Aging (ACSA).
Title: The association between passive smoking and sleep quality in a Chinese hypertensive population: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality and obstructive sleep apnea among male patients with lower urinary tract symptoms: A prospective observational study.
Title: Effect of Strengthening Exercises on Sleep Quality among Females Suffering from Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The association between energy-adjusted dietary inflammatory index and physical activity with sleep quality: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The impact of 5-hydroxytryptophan supplementation on sleep quality and gut microbiota composition in older adults: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Relationship between sleep quality and gravitational Tolerance.
Title: Factors related to sleep quality in hospitalized antepartum women: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sedentary Behavior and Sleep Quality in Women.
Title: Euphausia pacifica emulsified oil powder improves sleep quality in partially sleep-restricted healthy volunteers.
Title: Association of perceived stress and sleep quality among medical students: the mediating role of anxiety and depression symptoms during COVID-19.
Title: Effects of sleep quality and physical activity measured by a Fitbit and self-rated questionnaire on the health-related quality of life in community-dwelling older adults: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep Quality and Evening Salivary Cortisol Levels in Association with the Psychological Resources of Parents of Children with Developmental Disorders and Type 1 Diabetes.
Title: Factors Associated With Sleep Quality Among Undergraduate Nursing Students During Clinical Practicums.
Title: Dorsal root ganglion-pulsed neuromodulation radiofrequency treatment has significant clinical efficacy in chronic spinal-origin pain, bringing noticeable improvement in symptoms and sleep quality for patients.
Title: Retracted: Clinical Analysis on the Effects of Tandospirone Citrate Assisted by Drawing Therapy on Medication Compliance and Sleep Quality in Patients with Anxiety Disorders.
Title: Retracted: Effect of Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy on Sleep Quality, Drug Dosage, and Nerve Function in Patients with Sleep Disorders after Ischemic Cerebral Stroke.
Title: The effects of global postural re-education on sleep quality and stress in university women lecturers: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Mental health disturbance in preclinical medical students and its association with screen time, sleep quality, and depression during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: The association between internet addiction and sleep quality among medical students in Saudi Arabia.
Title: [Lifestyles and quality of life indicators associated with sleep quality in university students].
Title: Sleep quality correlates with effectiveness of ultrapulse fractional CO
Title: Dexmedetomidine nasal administration improves perioperative sleep quality and neurocognitive deficits in elderly patients undergoing general anesthesia.
Title: Effect of exercise on sleep quality in Parkinson's disease: a mini review.
Title: Sleep quality in diabetic patients depends on numerous influencing factors.
Title: The Effect of Sleep Enhancement Educational Program on Maternal Sleep Quality for Nulliparous Pregnant Women: A Randomized-Controlled Trial.
Title: Efficacy of balneotherapy on pain, function, and sleep quality in patients with chronic low-back pain: a prospective observational study.
Title: Gossiping the (recipient's) day away: The impact of supervisor-directed gossip on recipients' rumination, sleep quality, vitality, and work outcomes.
Title: Investigation of Biopsychosocial Status, Fatigue, Sleep Quality, Alexithymia, Cognitive Functions, and Quality of Life in Behçet's Disease.
Title: Anxious and depressive symptoms mediate the influence of sleep quality on suicidality in young adults.
Title: The effects of dry needling and face yoga on pain, depression, function, and sleep quality in patients with temporomandibular dysfunction.
Title: Rumination mediates associations between microaggressions and sleep quality in Black Americans: the toll of racial microstressors.
Title: Effects of traditional Chinese exercise therapy on pain scores, sleep quality, and anxiety-depression symptoms in fibromyalgia patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association of Mediterranean diet with sleep quality, depression, anxiety, stress, and body mass index in university students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Association of sociodemographic, anthropometric, and sleep quality factors with accelerometer-measured sitting and physical activity times among Emirati working women during the COVID-19 pandemic: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality and mental health differences following Syria-Turkey earthquakes: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Effect of short video addiction on the sleep quality of college students: chain intermediary effects of physical activity and procrastination behavior.
Title: Deteriorated sleep quality and associate factors in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus complicated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy.
Title: Social interaction anxiety and sleep quality in youth: Individual difference in childhood adversity and cardiac vagal control.
Title: Volume of the Dentate Gyrus/CA4 Hippocampal subfield mediates the interplay between sleep quality and depressive symptoms.
Title: Sleep quality in individuals with post-COVID-19 condition: Relation with emotional, cognitive and functional variables.
Title: Identifying predictors of patient safety competency based on sleep quality in student faculty of nursing and midwifery during the internship period: a multidisciplinary study.
Title: Fatigue and sleep quality in Chinese adults with connective tissue disease: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The effect of music on menopausal symptoms, sleep quality,and depression: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality, excessive daytime sleepiness, and depression in Parkinson's disease: implications for improved patient outcomes.
Title: Nurses' perceived health and occupational burnout: A focus on sleep quality, workplace violence, and organizational culture.
Title: Bedtime negative affect, sleep quality and subjective health in rural China.
Title: Prevalence of poor sleep quality in COVID-19 patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Serum Calcium and Magnesium Levels, Not 25-Hydroxyvitamin D, Are Associated With Sleep Quality in Airline Pilots.
Title: Association between Beverage Consumption and Sleep Quality in Adolescents.
Title: Impact of Medical School on the Relationship between Nutritional Knowledge and Sleep Quality-A Longitudinal Study of Students at Wroclaw Medical University in Poland.
Title: Effects of Supplementing Zinc Magnesium Aspartate on Sleep Quality and Submaximal Weightlifting Performance, following Two Consecutive Nights of Partial Sleep Deprivation.
Title: Sleep Quality in Team USA Olympic and Paralympic Athletes.
Title: Efficacy of a Home-Based, Unsupervised Physical Activity Program on Fatigue, Sleep Quality, and Quality of Life in Survivors of Breast Cancer.
Title: Association of second-hand smoking with sleep quality among adults in Ibadan, Nigeria: a cross-sectional evaluation of data from the COMBAT-CVDs study.
Title: Sleep Quality and Cognitive Abilities in the Greek Cohort of Epirus Health Study.
Title: Is sleep quality a moderated mediator between perceived stress and depression among stroke patients?
Title: Enhancing Sleep Quality: Assessing the Efficacy of a Fixed Combination of Linden, Hawthorn, Vitamin B1, and Melatonin.
Title: Association between exposure to heavy metals in atmospheric particulate matter and sleep quality: A nationwide data linkage study.
Title: Challenges in measuring sleep quality among women with endometriosis: A comparison of two questionnaires.
Title: The Effect of Training Given to Patients with Septorhinoplasty on Nose Obstruction and Sleep Quality: A Randomized Controlled Prospective Trial.
Title: Assessing psychometric properties and measurement invariance of the Sleep Quality Questionnaire among healthcare students.
Title: Effects of lavender essential oil inhalation aromatherapy on depression and sleep quality in stroke patients: A single-blind randomized controlled trial.
Title: Poor sleep quality in schizophrenia patients: A systematic review and meta-analyses of epidemiological and case-control studies.
Title: Sleep quality, coping, and related depression: A cross-sectional study of Turkish nurses.
Title: The relationship between disability and depression, anxiety, and sleep quality in patients with coccydynia.
Title: Sleep quality and fatigue among nurses working in high-acuity clinical settings in Saudi Arabia: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The John N. Insall Award: Does Melatonin Improve Subjective Sleep Quality After Total Knee Arthroplasty? A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Title: Latent class analysis of the sleep quality of night shift nurses and impact of shift-related factors on the occupational stress and anxiety.
Title: Major dietary patterns and sleep quality in relation to overweight/obesity among school children: A case-control study.
Title: Association of sleep quality with duty hours, mental health, and medical errors among Japanese postgraduate residents: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Structural validity of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index among medical students in Iran.
Title: Association of sleep quality on the night of operative day with postoperative delirium in elderly patients: A prospective cohort study.
Title: Depressive Symptoms and Sleep Quality Mediate the Relationship Between Race and Quality of Life Among Patients With Heart Failure: A Serial Multiple Mediator Model.
Title: The effect of Tai Chi exercise intervention on sleep quality in community residing older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association Between Preoperative Long-Term Poor Sleep Quality and Postoperative Delirium in Elderly Patients Undergoing Cardiac Surgery: A Multi-Center Observational Study.
Title: Mobile phone addiction and suicide behaviors among Chinese adolescents: The mediation of poor sleep quality.
Title: Screen time is negatively associated with sleep quality and duration only in insufficiently active adolescents: A Brazilian cross-sectional school-based study.
Title: Night eating habits, sleep quality, and depression, are they associated with vitamin D status?
Title: Relationship between sleep quality and marital satisfaction of working women during the premenopausal period.
Title: Effects of personal noise exposure, sleep quality, and burnout on quality of life: An online participation cohort study in Taiwan.
Title: Enhanced external counterpulsation improves sleep quality in chronic insomnia: A pilot randomized controlled study.
Title: A path analysis investigation into menopausal osteoporosis, sarcopenia risk, and their impact on sleep quality, depressive symptoms and quality of life.
Title: Sleep quality impacts the link between reactivity to uncertain threat and anxiety and alcohol use in youth.
Title: Sleep quality and subjective well-being in healthcare students: examining the role of anxiety and depression.
Title: Efficacy of Zhumian Tang formula granules combined with eszopiclone for the treatment of poor sleep quality: a multi-center, randomized controlled, superiority trial.
Title: An upcycled fraction of Melaleuca alternifolia essential oil regenerates the skin through the skin melatonin pathway and improves sleep quality.
Title: Different nursing interventions on sleep quality among critically ill patients: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Effect of Adding Diaphragmatic Breathing Exercises to Core Stabilization Exercises on Pain, Muscle Activity, Disability, and Sleep Quality in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Randomized Control Trial.
Title: Effects of Prebiotic Yeast Mannan on Gut Health and Sleep Quality in Healthy Adults: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study.
Title: Sleep Quality and Perceived Stress among Health Science Students during Online Education-A Single Institution Study.
Title: The Association between Sleep Quality and Depressive Symptoms among Stroke Survivors and Caregivers.
Title: Physical activity attenuates the association of long-term exposure to nitrogen dioxide with sleep quality and its dimensions in Chinese rural older adults.
Title: Sleep Quality in Patients With Schizophrenia in a Tertiary Care Center in Northern India.
Title: Association between Self-reported Sleep Quality and Single-task Gait in Young Adults: A Study Using Machine Learning.
Title: Association between Sleep Quality and Cardiac Autonomic Modulation in Adolescents: A Cross Sectional Study.
Title: Comparing Perceived Sleep Quality, Practices, and Behaviors of Male and Female Elite Rugby Union Athletes with the Use of Sleep Questionnaires.
Title: Sleep Quality, Excessive Daytime Sleepiness, and Physical Activity Level in Health Professionals with and Without COVID-19: a Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The interplay between stigma and sleep quality in breast cancer: A cross-sectional network analysis.
Title: Burnout syndrome among healthcare professionals in the Fako division, Cameroon: Impact of physical activity and sleep quality.
Title: Effect of Sleep Quality on Mitochondrial DNA Copy Number in Eveningness Chronotypes.
Title: Sleep quality and lymphedema in breast cancer survivors: a mixed method analysis.
Title: Burnout, emotional distress and sleep quality among Chinese psychiatric healthcare workers during the COVID-19 pandemic: a follow-up study.
Title: Effects of Viola odorata syrup on sleep quality in menopausal women: a randomized, triple-blind, controlled trial.
Title: Clinical heterogeneity of sleep quality, emotional and behavioral characteristics, and eating habits in adolescents with obesity: A cluster analysis.
Title: Associations between dry eye disease and sleep quality: a cross-sectional analysis.
Title: Psychosocial stress, adult suicidal ideation, and the mediating effect of poor sleep quality during the COVID-19 pandemic in South Africa.
Title: Stress begets stress: The moderating role of childhood adversity in the relationship between job stress and sleep quality among nurses.
Title: Sleep quality and executive function in a diverse sample of healthy young adults.
Title: Upper-lower limb and breathing exercise program for improving sleep quality and psychological status in multiple sclerosis: a pilot randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effects of acupressure on sleep quality and anxiety of patients with second- or third-degree burns: a randomized sham-controlled trial.
Title: The effect of neighborhood social cohesion on life satisfaction in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients: the chain mediating role of depressive symptoms and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep and circadian hygiene practices association with sleep quality among Brazilian adults.
Title: Sleep, activity, and diet in harmony: unveiling the relationships of chronotype, sleep quality, physical activity, and dietary intake.
Title: The relationship between infertility and sleep quality in women: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Associations of endurance, muscle strength, and balanced exercise with subjective sleep quality in sedentary workers: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Evaluating the impact of adjunct bright light therapy on subjective sleep quality in major depressive disorder.
Title: Associations of Substance Use and Positive Coping Behaviors with Sleep Quality During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Sleep disorders, sleep quality, and health-related quality of life in patients with cancer in Turkey: a multi-center cross-sectional survey.
Title: SLEEP QUALITY OF SCHOOLCHILDREN - RESIDENTS OF RADIOACTIVELY CONTAMINATED AREAS DURING THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC.
Title: Sleep quality, sleep duration, and sleep disturbances among hospital night workers: a prospective cohort study.
Title: Retracted: Analysis of Sleep Quality and TCM Constitution Characteristics in 258 Outpatients: A Cross-Sectional Study Based on Outpatient Cases.
Title: The Impact of Earplugs and Eye Masks on Sleep Quality in Hospital Patients.
Title: Effects of sleep quality in early pregnancy on pregnancy outcomes and mood state.
Title: Sleep Quality and Associated Factors Among Firefighters in Bangkok, Thailand: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Effect of a Single Light-intensity Walking Session on Sleep Quality of Patients with Bladder Cancer: A Randomized Cross-Over Study.
Title: The relationship between sleep quantity, sleep quality and weight loss in adults: A scoping review.
Title: Novel Multi-Strain E3 Probiotic Formulation Improved Mental Health Symptoms and Sleep Quality in Hong Kong Chinese.
Title: Analysis of Changes in Sleep Quality and Patterns after Hip Fracture Using Real Evidence of Artificial Intelligence Linked (REAL) Hip Cohort Data.
Title: Subgroups of sleep quality and associated risk factors in patients with cancer undergoing radiotherapy: A cross-sectional study based on latent profile analysis.
Title: The Sleep Quality- and Myopia-Linked PDE11A-Y727C Variant Impacts Neural Physiology by Reducing Catalytic Activity and Altering Subcellular Compartmentalization of the Enzyme.
Title: Microbiota Composition and Probiotics Supplementations on Sleep Quality-A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Comment on effect of massage therapy on sleep quality in critically ill patients.
Title: Effects of Nicotine on the Central Nervous System and Sleep Quality in Relation to Other Stimulants: A Narrative Review.
Title: Relationship between sleep quality and subjective well-being: resilience as a mediator and belief in a just world as a moderator.
Title: SLEEP quality in patients with psoriatic arthritis and its relationship with disease activity and comorbidities: a cross-sectional study.
Title: [Association between sleep quality and quantity and body mass index in college adolescents: A cross-sectional studyAssociaáo entre qualidade e quantidade de sono e índice de massa corporal em adolescentes universitários: Estudo transversal].
Title: Associations of daytime napping and nighttime sleep quality with depressive symptoms in older Chinese: the Guangzhou biobank cohort study.
Title: Poor sleep quality association with higher lung cancer risk: a nested case-control study.
Title: The Effect of Tele-Savvy on Sleep Quality and Insomnia in Caregivers of Persons Living with Dementia.
Title: The role of orexin in fatigue and sleep quality in patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Title: Associations between tea-drinking habits and health-related quality of life in Chinese adults: a mediation analysis based on sleep quality.
Title: An observational, patient-reported outcome study of sleep quality and depression among individuals with overactive bladder syndrome.
Title: The Effect of Mindfulness Interventions on the Sleep Quality of Pregnant Mothers in the Second and Third Trimesters of Pregnancy.
Title: Efficacy of scraping therapy on blood pressure and sleep quality in stage I and II essential hypertension: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association between diet, mental health and sleep quality in university students during the COVID-19 pandemic: a systematic review.
Title: The relationship between depressive symptoms and sleep quality in medical staff after their infection with COVID-19.
Title: The effect of pre-operative sleep quality on post-operative pain and emergence agitation: prospective and cohort study.
Title: Crisis of Faith and Sleep Quality in the United States: A Literal Dark Night of the Soul?
Title: Reduced sleep quality is highly prevalent and associated with physical function and cardiorespiratory fitness in patients with axial spondyloarthritis: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Retracted: Investigation on the Relationship between Sleep Quality and Depression and Anxiety in Hospitalized Patients with Different Levels of AECOPD.
Title: Correlation between blood glucose changes and sleep quality in type 2 diabetes patients with sleep disorders.
Title: Problematic mobile phone use and time management disposition in Chinese college students: the chain mediating role of sleep quality and cognitive flexibility.
Title: The Relationship Among Seasonality, Night Eating, and Chronotype in Bipolar Disorder: Exploring the Mediating Role of Sleep Quality.
Title: Effect of Baduanjin Qigong on Sleep Quality and Hyperarousal State in Adults With Chronic Insomnia: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep Quality in Older People: The Impact of Age, Professional Activity, Financial Situation, and Chronic Diseases During the SARS-CoV-2 Pandemic.
Title: Statistical Modeling of Subjective Sleep Quality.
Title: Toward a Holistic Computational Representation for Sleep Quality and its Support for Explainability.
Title: Can Sleep Quality Attributes be Predicted from Physical Activity in Everyday Settings?
Title: Fear of childbirth and sleep quality among pregnant women: a generalized additive model and moderated mediation analysis.
Title: Associations between glycemic variability, sleep quality, and daily steps in subjects without diabetes using wearable devices.
Title: Differences in structural connectome organization across sleep quality.
Title: Retracted: Effect of Chinese Traditional Wushu on Cancer-Related Fatigue, Sleep Quality and Upper Limb Dysfunction of Breast Cancer Survivors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Retracted: Correlation between Sleep Time, Sleep Quality, and Emotional and Cognitive Function in the Elderly.
Title: Mechanisms connecting square dance to sleep quality among middle-aged and older Chinese females: serial mediation roles of social support and depressive symptoms.
Title: Impact of school start time and sleep pattern of adolescents on their mood and sleep quality.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality in the relationship between dispositional mindfulness and fatigue in Chinese nurses during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Perioperative Sleep Quality Disturbances in Total Joint Arthroplasty is Multifactorial.
Title: Maternal Stress, Anxiety, Well-Being, and Sleep Quality in Pregnant Women throughout Gestation.
Title: Electroacupuncture Activated Impaired Brain Areas and Improved Mental Status and Sleep Quality in Primary Insomnia Patients.
Title: Association of Vitamin B12 Levels with Sleep Quality, Insomnia, and Sleepiness in Adult Primary Healthcare Users in Greece.
Title: Sleeping with one cerebrum open: patient and staff perceptions of sleep quality and quantity on an inpatient neurology unit.
Title: Exploring Variables Associated with the Effects of a Self-Administered Hypnosis Intervention for Improving Sleep Quality.
Title: Effectiveness of Aerobic Exercise and Tai Chi Interventions on Sleep Quality in Patients With Advanced Lung Cancer: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Sleep quality of adult psychiatric outpatients at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital.
Title: Effects of different intervention methods on psychological flexibility, negative emotions and sleep quality in chronic hepatitis B.
Title: Different emotion regulation strategies mediate the relations of corresponding connections within the default-mode network to sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality of nurses who worked in coping with COVID-19: an integrative review.
Title: Association of obstructive sleep apnea and sleep quality with cognitive function: a study of middle-aged and elderly persons in India.
Title: Correlation Between Sleep Continuity and Patient-Reported Sleep Quality in Conscious Critically Ill Patients at High Risk of Reintubation: A Pilot Study.
Title: The relationship between possible, probable, or definite sleep bruxism and sleep quality: A systematic review.
Title: Association between personality characteristics and sleep quality among Chinese middle-aged and older adults: evidence from China family panel studies.
Title: Effect of Vestibular Rehabilitation on Sleep Quality and Depression in the Elderly With Chronic Dizziness: A Prospective Study.
Title: Sleep Quality is Associated with Axial Length Elongation in Myopic Children Receiving Orthokeratology: A Retrospective Study.
Title: Effects of age on the relationship between sleep quality and cognitive performance: Findings from the Human Connectome Project-Aging cohort.
Title: Examining the relationship between sleep quality and depressive symptoms in Korean women engaged in soccer during the coronavirus pandemic.
Title: Sleep tight! Adolescent sleep quality across three distinct sleep ecologies.
Title: Effects of acupuncture on sleep quality in patients with Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association between frailty and sleep quality in people living with multiple sclerosis and obesity: An observational cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among patients with chronic kidney disease in Nigeria: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effects of intraoperative sodium oxybate infusion on post-operative sleep quality in patients undergoing gynecological laparoscopic surgery: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: Effects of orally administered Thymus vulgaris leaves on memory, anxiety, depression, and sleep quality in university students: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effects of aerobic exercise on ambulatory blood pressure responses to acute partial sleep deprivation: impact of chronotype and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep Quality in Family Caregivers of Persons Living With Dementia.
Title: Patterns of sleep quality and its influence factors: A latent class model among students of medical university in Hubei Province, China.
Title: Memory performance mediates subjective sleep quality associations with cerebrospinal fluid Alzheimer's disease biomarker levels and hippocampal volume among individuals with mild cognitive symptoms.
Title: Intranasal dexmedetomidine improves postoperative sleep quality in older patients with chronic insomnia: a randomized double-blind controlled trial.
Title: Impact of Spina Bifida on Sleep Quality: Current Insights.
Title: Association of Insomnia, Sleep Quality, and Sleep Duration With Risk of Physical Frailty in Middle-aged and Older People With HIV.
Title: Exercising More Than 150 min/wk After Concussion Is Associated With Sleep Quality Improvements.
Title: Impact of irregular sleep pattern, and sleep quality on glycaemic parameters and endothelial function in adolescents and young adults with type 1 diabetes.
Title: Reduced subjective sleep quality in people rating themselves as electro-hypersensitive: An observational study.
Title: Latent Profile Analysis of Fear of Hypoglycemia in Middle-Aged and Elderly Hospitalized Patients with Type 2 Diabetes and Its Relationship with Sleep Quality.
Title: Factors associated with poor sleep quality among construction workers in Arba Minch town, Ethiopia: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The effects of low calorie, high protein diet on body composition, duration and sleep quality on obese adults: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: Post-Operative Poor Sleep Quality and Its Associated Factors Among Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and daytime dysfunction among college students in China during COVID-19: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Stress and sleep quality in medical students: a cross-sectional study from Vietnam.
Title: Effects of aromatherapy on sore throat, nasal symptoms and sleep quality in adults infected with COVID-19: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Association Between Occupational Stress and Sleep Quality: A Systematic Review.
Title: Association of Higher Mediterranean Diet Adherence With Lower Prevalence of Disability and Symptom Severity, Depression, Anxiety, Stress, Sleep Quality, Cognitive Impairment, and Physical Inactivity in Older Adults With Multiple Sclerosis.
Title: Relationship of sleep-quality and social-anxiety in patients with breast cancer: a network analysis.
Title: Relationship between CGM-derived nocturnal hypoglycemia and subjective sleep quality in people with type 1 diabetes.
Title: The sleep quality- and myopia-linked PDE11A-Y727C variant impacts neural physiology by reducing catalytic activity and altering subcellular compartmentalization of the enzyme.
Title: Longitudinal associations of circadian eating patterns with sleep quality, fatigue and inflammation in colorectal cancer survivors up to 24 months post-treatment.
Title: [Sleep quality in patients with chronic kidney disease on hemodialysis].
Title: Development and validation of prediction models for poor sleep quality among older adults in the post-COVID-19 pandemic era.
Title: Association between sleep quality and nocturnal erection monitor by RigiScan in erectile dysfunction patients: a prospective study using fitbit charge 2.
Title: Sleep quality and perinatal depression in pregnant women treated in a primary care centre in Lima, Peru.
Title: Application of Noninvasive Brain Stimulation for Sleep Quality Enhancement and Cognitive Improvement.
Title: Sleep Quality and Cognitive Decline Across the Adult Age Range: Findings from the Maastricht Aging Study (MAAS).
Title: Poor sleep quality increases mortality risk: A population-based longitudinal prospective study in community-dwelling middle-aged and older adults.
Title: Comparative efficacy of exercise modalities on sleep quality in populations with sleep disorders: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Relationship between Sleep Quality and Shoulder Disorders in People with Stroke.
Title: Investigating Chronotype and Sleep Quality in Psoriatic Patients: Results from an Observational, Web-Based Survey.
Title: July 14th 2016 Nice Terrorist Attack Court Trial: A Protocol on Sleep Quality and Somatic Symptoms as Markers of Risk for Traumatic Reactivation in Adolescents Exposed to This Attack.
Title: Sleep Quality and Self-Stigma Mediate the Association Between Problematic Use of Social Media and Quality of Life Among People With Schizophrenia in Taiwan: A Longitudinal Study.
Title: Physical activity in outdoor spaces, sleep quality and general health: a pilot feasibility study.
Title: Associations Between Self-Reported Sleep Quality, Fatigue Severity, Factors Associated With Successful Cessation, and Cessation Beliefs Among Regular Smokers.
Title: Sleep quality and depression in mothers of children with epilepsy and its relation to their children's sleep.
Title: Impact of sleeping in a forest on sleep quality and mental well-being.
Title: Deficits in brain default mode network connectivity mediate the relationship between poor sleep quality and anxiety severity.
Title: Daily diary study of associations between alcohol, cannabis, co-use and sleep quality in individuals with intentions to use cannabis to cope with anxiety.
Title: Chronotypes and their association with sleep quality among Chinese college students of Anhui Province: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Male infertility and sleep quality: Another key point to evaluate during the medical consultation.
Title: Schizotypy Moderates the Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Social Cognition.
Title: Association Between Global Sleep Quality and Coronary Microvascular Function in Male Physicians With Occupational Burnout.
Title: Myopia & painful muscle form of temporomandibular disorders: connections between vision, masticatory and cervical muscles activity and sensitivity and sleep quality.
Title: Association of sleep quality and mitochondrial DNA copy number in healthy middle-aged adults.
Title: Psychological resilience and quality of life among middle-aged and older adults hospitalized with chronic diseases: multiple mediating effects through sleep quality and depression.
Title: Neural basis underlying the relation between internet addiction tendency and sleep quality: The intrinsic default-mode network connectivity pathways.
Title: Effects of childhood trauma on sleep quality and stress-related variables in adulthood: evidence from two multilevel studies.
Title: Efficacy and safety of stellate ganglion block with different volumes of ropivacaine to improve sleep quality in patients with insomnia: a comparative study.
Title: Restless legs syndrome is prevalent in adults with cystic fibrosis and impacts sleep quality.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality in the relationship between social support and depressive symptoms in early pregnant women.
Title: Association of Birthplace for Sleep Duration, Sleep Quality, and Sleep Disorder Symptoms, at the US-Mexico Border.
Title: The Effect of Moving Meditation Exercise on Depression and Sleep Quality of the Elderly: A Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: [Glutathione unit of the antioxidant system activity in pregnant women depending on the sleep quality].
Title: Risk of pre-term birth as a function of sleep quality and obesity: prospective analysis in a large Prematurity Research Cohort.
Title: Strategies that nurses working irregular night shifts use to improve sleep quality: A qualitative study among good and poor sleepers.
Title: Predictors of Sleep Quality in Spouse Caregivers of Community-Dwelling People With Dementia Using Propensity Score Matching Analysis.
Title: Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on mental health and sleep quality in the Chinese general populations during sporadic and outbreak periods.
Title: 
Title: Self-efficacy and well-being in the association between caregiver burden and sleep quality among caregivers of elderly patients having multiple chronic conditions in rural China: a serial multiple mediation analysis.
Title: The association between chronotype, sleep quality and medication errors among critical care nurses.
Title: Dietary fatty acids improve perceived sleep quality, stress, and health in migraine: a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Association between psychological discomforts and sleep quality among people living with HIV/AIDS.
Title: Examining the longitudinal direct and indirect relationships between early sleep (quality and duration) and later cyberbullying perpetration in emerging adults.
Title: Association between stigma and sleep quality in patients with breast cancer: A latent profile and mediation analysis.
Title: Comparing the Effectiveness of Physical Exercise Intervention and Melatonin Supplement in Improving Sleep Quality in Children with ASD.
Title: A threshold by any other name: is 5 minutes of wake "long" enough to degrade sleep quality?
Title: Improving Sleep Quality, Daytime Sleepiness, and Cognitive Function in Patients with Dementia by Therapeutic Exercise and NESA Neuromodulation: A Multicenter Clinical Trial.
Title: Effects of exercise timing and intensity on physiological circadian rhythm and sleep quality: a systematic review.
Title: Enhancing Sleep Quality with Closed-Loop Autotuning of a Robotic Bed.
Title: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial exploring the brain mechanism and therapeutic effect of electroacupuncture on cognitive function and sleep quality in chronic insomnia.
Title: Associations of sleep quality and exercise frequency and the risk of coronary heart disease in Chinese urban elderly: a secondary analysis of cross-sectional data.
Title: Diagnostic Value of the Bispectral Index to Assess Sleep Quality after Elective Surgery in Intensive Care Unit.
Title: Can Bispectral Index be a Point-of-care Monitor for Sleep Quality Assessment in Critically Ill Patients?
Title: Association between sleep quality and cardiovascular disease in maintenance hemodialysis patients: a prospective cohort study.
Title: The prevalence and predictors of poor sleep quality and excessive daytime sleepiness in epilepsy: A single tertiary centre experience in Malaysia.
Title: Effects of traditional Chinese exercise on sleep quality: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: The combination of locomotive syndrome and poor sleep quality is a risk factor of falls among community-dwelling middle-aged and older women: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Constipation Severity in Patients With Parkinson Disease: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality After Quetiapine Augmentation in Patients With Treatment-Resistant Depression and Personality Disorders.
Title: [Relationship between diet, nutritional aspects and sleep quality in a pediatric population].
Title: The relationship between oral health and sleep quality in community-dwelling older adults.
Title: Daylily (
Title: Long-term associations between objective sleep quality and quantity and verbal memory performance in normal cognition and mild cognitive impairment.
Title: Efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine external therapy on sleep quality in patients with cancer: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Study on the Sleep Quality Classification and Influencing Factors of Adult ICU Awake Patients Based on Latent Profile Analysis: A Cross-Sectional Survey.
Title: [Effects of preoperative quetiapine on postoperative delirium and sleep quality in elderly orthopaedic patients].
Title: Associations of adverse childhood and lifetime experiences with sleep quality and duration among women in midlife.
Title: The association of disease activity with depression and sleep quality in patients with rheumatoid arthritis in Hong Kong.
Title: Carpal tunnel decompression: a comparison of elderly and younger patients' sleep quality.
Title: Effect of physical exercise on sleep quality in college students: Mediating role of smartphone use.
Title: Preceding Night Sleep Quality and Atrial Fibrillation Episodes in the I-STOP-AFIB Randomized Trial.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and anxiety and depression among older caregivers of centenarians in China: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality and its underrated role: Associations between sleep-related symptoms and cardiovascular biomarkers.
Title: [Sleep quality of patients in End Stage Renal Disease before and after starting chronic hemodialysis treatment: a longitudinal study].
Title: Poor sleep quality, COPD severity and survival according to CASIS and Pittsburgh questionnaires.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality as a Risk Factor for Constipation Among Community-Dwelling Older Adults in Japan.
Title: Sleep Quality in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients Attending a Tertiary Care Hospital in West Bengal: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Neurocognitive Characteristics of Subjective Cognitive Decline and Its Association with Objective Cognition, Negative Emotion, and Sleep Quality in Chinese Elderly.
Title: Association of anxiety, depression symptoms and sleep quality with chronic kidney disease among older Chinese.
Title: Effects of Crossfit® and street running practice on anthropometric, lipids parameters, cardiorespiratory fitness and sleep quality.
Title: Standardized Extract of Valeriana officinalis Improves Overall Sleep Quality in Human Subjects with Sleep Complaints: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Clinical Study.
Title: Unraveling the Nexus: Exploring the Relationship between Exercise Habits and Sleep Quality in Older Adults.
Title: Overnight Melatonin Concentration and Sleep Quality Are Associated with the Clinical Features of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.
Title: The Polysomnographical Meaning of Changed Sleep Quality-A Study of Treatment with Reduced Time in Bed.
Title: The importance of female reproductive history on self-reported sleep quality, mood, and urogenital symptoms in midlife.
Title: Effect of Sleep Quality on Anxiety and Depression Symptoms among College Students in China's Xizang Region: The Mediating Effect of Cognitive Emotion Regulation.
Title: Relationship between Problematic Smartphone Use, Sleep Quality and Bedtime Procrastination: A Mediation Analysis.
Title: Chrononutrition behaviors, sugar-sweetened beverage consumption, sleep quality and the association with body mass index among Malaysian women.
Title: Interaction between functional capability and sleep quality at midterm after total knee arthroplasty: a Japanese retrospective cohort study.
Title: Comparing the Effects of Acupressure and Clonazepam Tablets on Sleep Quality of Hemodialysis Patients: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Ketogenic diet may improve sleep quality and daytime somnolence in patients affected by multiple sclerosis. Results of an exploratory study.
Title: Psychological resilience mediates the association between sleep quality and anxiety symptoms: A repeated measures study in college students.
Title: The effects of therapeutic touch and music on sleep quality, menopausal symptoms, and quality of life in menopausal women.
Title: Increased Salivary IL-1 Beta Level Is Associated with Poor Sleep Quality in University Students.
Title: The importance of residential dusk and dawn light exposure for sleep quality, health, and well-being.
Title: The effect of lavender foot baths on postoperative pain and sleep quality in comparison with foot baths with warm water only-A prospective randomized controlled study.
Title: App-Supported Sleep Coaching: Implications for Sleep Duration and Sleep Quality.
Title: The left temporal transverse cortex is affected by poor sleep quality, which in turn contributes to depressive symptoms in older adults.
Title: Excessive Smartphone Use is Associated with Depression, Anxiety, Stress, and Sleep Quality of Australian Adults.
Title: Effects of Temperature, Duration, and Heating Height of Foot Thermal Therapy on Sleep Quality of Older Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Postoperative Sleep Quality of Insomnia Patients After TIVA Anesthesia: A Prospective Study.
Title: The effect of non-pharmacological interventions on sleep quality in people with sleep disturbances: A systematic review and a meta-analysis.
Title: Aquatic therapy improves self-reported sleep quality in fibromyalgia patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Nigerian prisoners' experience: prison circumstances, family support and sleep quality.
Title: Evaluation of sleep quality and pruritus severity in psoriatic patients and their impact on quality of life: a cross section correlational study.
Title: Effects of fatigue, rumination thinking, and sleep quality on hopelessness in family caregivers of cancer patients.
Title: How sleep quality affects activities of daily living in Parkinson's disease: the mediating role of disease severity and the moderating role of cognition.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality Increases Gestational Weight Gain Rate in Pregnant People: Findings from the MADRES Study.
Title: Association Between Pharmacotherapy and Sleep Quality in Patients with Chronic Orofacial and Chronic Body Pain: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Comparison of sleep quality between clear aligner and fixed appliance orthodontic therapies.
Title: The effect of short daytime napping on cognitive function, sleep quality, and quality of life in mild cognitive impairment patients.
Title: Efficacy of Poria Cocos Extract on Sleep Quality Enhancement: A Clinical Perspective with Implications for Functional Foods.
Title: Effects of Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids Intake on Vasomotor Symptoms, Sleep Quality and Depression in Postmenopausal Women: A Systematic Review.
Title: Eight Weeks of Daily Cannabidiol Supplementation Improves Sleep Quality and Immune Cell Cytotoxicity.
Title: Identification of the causal relationship between sleep quality, insomnia, and oral ulcers.
Title: Frequency of fibromyalgia in a cohort of Turkish patients with lung cancer and its effect on pain, sleep quality, fatigue and quality of life.
Title: Chronotype preference, sleep quality, and night-eating behaviors in patients with metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease: Assessing the relationship with disease severity and fibrosis.
Title: The Effect of Sleep Quality and Mental Health on Academic Performance Among the Medical Students of King Abdulaziz University.
Title: Sleep quality and internet addiction among junior college students; The mediating role of depression: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Social and Economic Impacts of COVID-19 Among Health Professionals in Vietnam: Status and Associations with Quality of Life and Sleep Quality.
Title: Childhood trauma and suicide risk in hospitalized patients with schizophrenia: the sequential mediating roles of pandemic related post-traumatic stress symptoms, sleep quality, and psychological distress.
Title: Mobile phone addiction and mental health: the roles of sleep quality and perceived social support.
Title: Comparison of the Oral Health-Related Quality of Life, Sleep Quality, and Oral Health Literacy in Sleep and Awake Bruxism: Results from Family Medicine Practice.
Title: The efficacy of earplugs and eye masks for delirium severity and sleep quality in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting in cardiac intensive care units: A single-blind, randomised controlled trial.
Title: The effect of bullying victimization on sleep quality among Chinese medical students: Timing, duration, and patterns.
Title: Centralized health management based on hot spring resort improves physical examination indicators and sleep quality in people at high risk of chronic diseases: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: The effect of audiobooks on sleep quality and vital signs in intensive care patients.
Title: Effect of a Home-Based Simplified Tai Chi Exercise Program on Sleep Quality, Daytime Sleepiness, Quality of Life, and Psychological Well-Being in Egyptian Older Adults: A Quasi-Experimental Study.
Title: Exploring associations between social media addiction, social media fatigue, fear of missing out and sleep quality among university students: A cross-section study.
Title: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study of the safety and effects of CBN with and without CBD on sleep quality.
Title: Symptom burden, fatigue, sleep quality and perceived social support in hemodialysis patients with musculoskeletal discomfort: a single center experience from Egypt.
Title: Exposure to secondhand smoke is associated with poor sleep quality among non-smoking university students in Bangladesh: a cross-sectional survey.
Title: Prevalence and associated factors of poor sleep quality among industrial workers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: findings from a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep Quality in Patients With Ocular Graft-Versus-Host Disease After Allogeneic Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation.
Title: Identity Fusion and Aggressive Behavior Among Chinese Freshmen: The Chain Mediating Role of Depressive Mood and Sleep Quality.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality May Independently Predict Suicidal Risk in Covid-19 Survivors: A 2-Year Longitudinal Study.
Title: Poor sleep quality and suicidal ideation among pregnant women during COVID-19 in Ethiopia: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality among Homeless-Experienced Older Adults: Exploratory Results from the HOPE HOME Study.
Title: The predictive effect of basic military training and general health status on sleep quality.
Title: The relationship between mobile phone addiction and depression, anxiety, and sleep quality in medical students.
Title: Effect of melatonin on sleep quality and EEG features in childhood epilepsy: a possible non-conventional treatment.
Title: Machiavellianism and psychopathy affect sleep quality in people with affective disorders and mentally healthy individuals.
Title: Assessment of Sleep Quality Using Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index Questionnaire in Undergraduate and Post Graduate Medical College Students in Bhopal.
Title: Exploring the Associations between Chronotype, Night Shift Work Schedule, Quality of Work Life, and Sleep Quality among Maternal and Child Health Nurses: A Multicentre Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: A cross-sectional study on the sleep quality among type 2 diabetes mellitus patients and its associated factors.
Title: Retracted: Effects of Dexmedetomidine Combined with Intravenous Anesthesia on Oxidative Stress Index, Postoperative Sleep Quality, and Brain Function in HICH Patients.
Title: Time Management Behavior Structural Equation Model Predicts Global Sleep Quality in Traditional Entry University Students.
Title: Psychometric properties of the Brief Version of Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (B-PSQI) among Chinese male sailors on 18-hr rotating shift schedule.
Title: Predictors of postpartum depression and its association with sleep quality among mothers in Qassim, Saudi Arabia: A descriptive cross-sectional study.
Title: Consumption of energy drinks and their effects on sleep quality among medical students.
Title: Subjective Sleep Quality, Caffeine, and Dieting Behaviors Among University-Attending Young Adults.
Title: Nutritional Status and Sleep Quality Are Associated with Atrial Fibrillation in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea: Results from Tokyo Sleep Heart Study.
Title: Prevalence of Poor Sleep Quality and Associated Factors in Individuals with Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Affecting Factors among Hemodialysis Patients: A Multicenter Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality as a Mediator of Burnout, Stress and Multisite Musculoskeletal Pain in Healthcare Workers: A Longitudinal Study.
Title: Associating night-shift work with lifetime use of sleep medication and sleep quality in a cohort of female nurses.
Title: Nighttime smartphone use, sleep quality, and mental health: investigating a complex relationship.
Title: The effect of melatonin on sleep quality and cognitive function of individuals undergoing hemodialysis.
Title: Effects of a Single Session of OnabotulinumtoxinA Therapy on Sleep Quality and Psychological Measures: Preliminary Findings in a Population of Chronic Migraineurs.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Relationship to Anxiety and Hardiness in a Cohort of Frontline Italian Nurses during the First Wave of the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Yours, mine, or ours? Dyadic sleep hygiene and associations with sleep quality, emotional distress, and conflict frequency in mixed-gender, bed-sharing couples.
Title: Family Members' Abuse of Older Adults, Psychological Well-Being, and Sleep Quality Among Older Women and Men in China.
Title: Smartphone addiction, sleep quality, depression, anxiety, and stress among medical students.
Title: Effects of eyeshades in sleep quality and pain after surgery in school-age children with supracondylar humeral fractures.
Title: Evaluating the effect of daytime sleepiness and sleep quality on balance, fatigue and life quality of shift workers.
Title: Pressure pain sensitivity, thermographic changes, function, life and sleep quality in patients with unilateral rotator cuff injury: A case-control study.
Title: Poor Subjective Sleep Quality Predicts Symptoms in Irritable Bowel Syndrome Using the Experience Sampling Method.
Title: Frailty and Diminished Human Relationships Are Associated with Poor Sleep Quality in Japanese Older Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep quality and in-person versus online social interaction during the early COVID-19 pandemic lockdown: Impact on affect and interpersonal needs among young adults.
Title: Evaluation of sleep quality in faculty members of Isfahan university of medical sciences.
Title: Psychosocial work characteristics and sleep quality among early career registered nurses: a cross-sectional latent profile analysis.
Title: Qualitative study of the association between psychosocial health and physical activity/sleep quality in toddlers.
Title: Correction to: Daytime sleepiness and sleep quality in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
Title: Chronotype is Associated with Sleep Quality in Older Adults.
Title: Modafinil's effects on cognition and sleep quality in affectively-stable patients with bipolar disorder: a pilot study.
Title: Does the presence of radiculopathy affect sleep quality and lower extremity functionality in neuropathic low back pain?
Title: Association of Screen Time with Anxiety and Depressive Symptoms in College Students During COVID-19 Outbreak in Shanghai: Mediation Role of Sleep Quality.
Title: Post-Illumination Pupil Response and Sleep Quality in Patients With Glaucoma: The LIGHT Study.
Title: Sleep quality and sleep routines as mediators of stressors and life satisfaction in Czech university students: a structural equation model.
Title: Sleep Quality Among People with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus During COVID-19 Pandemic: Evidence from Qatar's National Diabetes Center.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality in the relationship between orthorexia nervosa and fear of COVID-19.
Title: Sleep quality and duration: A key to life satisfaction among military students.
Title: The effects of eye masks and earplugs on sleep quality, anxiety, fear, and vital signs in patients in an intensive care unit: A randomised controlled study.
Title: The Effect of Physical Activity on Sleep Quality and Sleep Disorder: A Systematic Review.
Title: The relationship between social support and sleep quality in older adults: A review of the evidence.
Title: Sleep quality and comfort in fully automated vehicles: A comparison of two seat configurations.
Title: Mediating effects of DNA methylation in the association between sleep quality and infertility among women of childbearing age.
Title: Application of non-invasive neuromodulation in children with neurodevelopmental disorders to improve their sleep quality and constipation.
Title: COVID-19 pandemic effects on trajectories of college students' stress, coping, and sleep quality: A four-year longitudinal analysis.
Title: Comparison of three measures for insomnia in ischemic stroke patients: Pittsburgh sleep quality index, insomnia severity index, and Athens insomnia scale.
Title: [Association between sleep quality/physical activity and metabolic syndrome in urban population of Xinjiang].
Title: Managing patients' pain while preserving sleep quality and efficiency.
Title: Temporomandibular Dysfunction Affects Neck Disability, Headache, Anxiety, and Sleep Quality in Women: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Determining the Mental Status, Sleep Quality, and Eating Behaviors of University Students During the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The influence of symptom severity and fatigue on sleep quality in patients with myasthenia gravis.
Title: Locus coeruleus activity while awake is associated with REM sleep quality in older individuals.
Title: Quality of life, fatigue, sleep quality, and mental health in systemic lupus erythematosus patients with a high cardiovascular risk profile.
Title: Association and prediction of subjective sleep quality and postoperative delirium during major non-cardiac surgery: a prospective observational study.
Title: Adapting shift work schedules for sleep quality, sleep duration, and sleepiness in shift workers.
Title: Effects of sleep quality on pain, cognitive factors, central sensitization, and quality of life in patients with chronic low back pain.
Title: Dietary and Sleep Quality Association in Hemodialysis Patients.
Title: Comparison of the Impacts of Benson Relaxation Technique and Foot Reflexology Massage on Sleep Quality of Patients with Systolic Heart Failure: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: What complex factors influence sleep quality in college students? PLS-SEM vs. fsQCA.
Title: Radiation dose to sleep-relevant brain structures linked to impaired sleep quality in primary brain tumor patients.
Title: Sleep Quality and Fatigue during Exam Periods in University Students: Prevalence and Associated Factors.
Title: Determinants of sleep disturbance and sleep quality in children of mothers with fibromyalgia.
Title: Correlation among sleep quality, physical frailty and cognitive function of the older adults in China: the mediating role.
Title: Poor sleep quality is an overlooked risk for geriatric syndromes in older adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Title: The Effects of Pranayama or Deep Breathing Exercises on Fatigue and Sleep Quality in Women Receiving Radiation Therapy for Breast Cancer.
Title: Changes in sleep quality of children with epilepsy and anxiety of their caregivers after COVID-19 infection: a case-series report.
Title: Interventions to improve the sleep quality of adults with personality disorder: A systematic review.
Title: An evolutionary model for sleep quality analytics using fuzzy system.
Title: Cyclical Links Between Daily Partner Interactions and Sleep Quality in Older Adult Couples: The Mediating Role of Perceived Partner Responsiveness and Negative Affect.
Title: Assessment of Sleep Quality Among Adolescents and Adults With Self-Diagnosed Irritable Bowel Syndrome, in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Applicability of the cognitive model of generalized anxiety disorder to adolescents' sleep quality: A cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis.
Title: Sleep duration, sleep quality, and weapon carrying in a sample of adolescents from Texas.
Title: Sleep Quality of Undergraduate Medical Students during and Post-Lockdown: A Cross-Sectional Research.
Title: Effectiveness of Internet-delivered self-help acceptance and commitment therapy (iACT) on nurses' obsessive-compulsive symptoms and sleep quality: A randomized controlled trial with 3-month follow-up.
Title: Investigation on sleep quality and psychological distress in patients with pulmonary nodules.
Title: Impacts of covid-19 on sleep quality and autonomic function in elderly diabetic women.
Title: The effect of short-term cranial electrotherapy stimulation on sleep quality in athletes: A pilot study.
Title: Sleep quality burden in chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps and its modulation by dupilumab.
Title: An investigation of upper extremity function, sleep quality, and functional independence in patients with poststroke shoulder pain: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Understanding the Relationships Between Sleep Quality and Depression and Anxiety in Neurotrauma: A Scoping Review.
Title: The impact of mindfulness training on posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms, subjective sleep quality, and objective sleep outcomes in police officers.
Title: The effect of screen use on sleep quality among adolescents in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Bedtime, sleep duration, and sleep quality and all-cause mortality in middle-aged and older Chinese adults: The Dongfeng-Tongji cohort study.
Title: Global prevalence of poor sleep quality in military personnel and veterans: A systematic review and meta-analysis of epidemiological studies.
Title: Nighttime sleep quality & daytime sleepiness across inpatient psychiatric treatment is associated with clinical outcomes.
Title: Mental Health Problems Among Adolescents With Mild Intellectual Disability and Relation to Sleep Quality and Perceived Social Support: A Comparative Study.
Title: The Role of Perceived Sleep Quality in Cardiovascular Health Factors and Behaviors Among Young Adults With Type 1 Diabetes.
Title: Prevalence and Factors Associated With Poor Sleep Quality Among Visitors of Primary Healthcare Centers in Al-Ahsa, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: An Analytical Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: A Cross-sectional Study on the Sleep Quality and Excessive Daytime Sleepiness of Filipino Medical Students in a State-run University during the Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Pandemic.
Title: Low mindfulness is related to poor sleep quality from middle adolescents to emerging adults: a process model involving resilience and emotional dysfunction.
Title: The effect of therapeutic touch on sleep quality and fatigue in menopausal women.
Title: Impact of a spiritual care program on the sleep quality and spiritual health of Muslim stroke patients: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Problematic internet use and sleep quality in adolescents with major depressive disorder.
Title: Association between media use and poor sleep quality among senior high school students: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Assessment of Anxiety, Depression, and Sleep Quality in Mothers of Children with Atopic Dermatitis: A Qualitative Questionnaire Study.
Title: Association between sexual function in women and sleep quality.
Title: Longitudinal relations of sleep quality with depressive symptoms, diabetes distress and self-efficacy in young people with type 1 diabetes.
Title: The associations between academic stress and depression among college students: A moderated chain mediation model of negative affect, sleep quality, and social support.
Title: Prevalence and Risk Factors for Poor Sleep Quality in People Living with HIV: Preliminary Observations from an HIV Outpatient Clinic.
Title: The interaction effects of social support and four types of bullying on sleep quality in Chinese adolescents.
Title: Relieving psychological stress and improving sleep quality by bergamot essential oil use before bedtime and upon awakening: A randomized crossover trial.
Title: Executive function and episodic memory composite scores in older adults: relations with sex, mood, and subjective sleep quality.
Title: Relation between serum interleukin 33 concentration, depressive symptoms, and sleep quality in inflammatory bowel disease.
Title: Sleep Quality and Nicotine Dependence Among Lebanese University Residents and Fellows: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Retracted: The Relationship between Mobile Phone Anxiety and Sleep Quality Occupational Therapy in Adolescents and Its Internal Mechanism.
Title: Retracted: Effects of Aerobic Exercise on Sleep Quality and Mental Health of College Students.
Title: Effect of Work-Related Behavior and Experience Patterns on Sleep Quality in Emergency Medical Service Personnel.
Title: Effects of rational emotive behavior therapy on alexithymia, anxiety, depression and sleep quality of older people in nursing homes: a quasi-experimental study.
Title: How do infant feeding method, sleeping location, and postpartum depression interact with maternal sleep quality?
Title: Prediction of early postoperative pain using sleep quality and heart rate variability.
Title: The effect of bio-electro-magnetic-energy-regulation therapy on sleep duration and sleep quality among elite players in Norwegian women's football.
Title: Stress, Isolation, and Sleep Quality among Breast Cancer Survivors throughout the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Longitudinal Study in a Multi-Ethnic Cohort.
Title: The relationship between living alone or not and depressive symptoms in older adults: a parallel mediation effect of sleep quality and anxiety.
Title: Sleep quality in women with diabetes in pregnancy: a single-center retrospective study.
Title: Evaluation of the relationship between the Mediterranean diet adherence and sleep quality in adults.
Title: Association of Sleep Quality With Fatigue in Post-COVID-19 Patients in an Indian Population.
Title: Type A personality, sleep quality, and cerebral small vessel disease: investigating the mediating role of sleep in a community-based study.
Title: Association between Mediterranean dietary pattern with sleep duration, sleep quality and brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in Iranian adults.
Title: Relationship between Sleep Quality and Anxiety-Depressive Disorders in Moroccan Women with Breast Cancer: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Exercise regimens for improved sleep quality in adult breast cancer survivors: systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Are Sleep Quality, Physical Activity Levels, and Fear of Movement of Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome Patients Different From Healthy People During the Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pandemic?
Title: Cognitive status and sleep quality can explain the fear of falling and fall history in people with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Well-Being, Occupational Fatigue, and Sleep Quality among Filipino Nurses working during COVID-19.
Title: Effect of cognitive behavioural therapy and yoga for generalised anxiety disorder on sleep quality in a randomised controlled trial: the role of worry, mindfulness, and perceived stress as mediators.
Title: Marital status and living apart affect sleep quality in male military personnel: a study of the China's Navy during COVID-19.
Title: Longitudinal trajectories of sleep quality in correlation with maltreatment in early childhood: A cohort of Chinese early adolescents.
Title: The Relationship between Knowledge, Dietary Supplementation, and Sleep Quality in Young Adults after the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Association of Sociodemographic Factors with Physical Activity and Sleep Quality in Arab and Non-Arab Individuals of Both Sexes during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Comparison of the Effects of Self-Administered Moxibustion versus Acupressure on Blood Pressure, Stress, Sleep Quality, and Quality of Life in Hypertensive Patients: A Randomized Parallel Trial.
Title: Efficacy of physical exercise on sleep quality in patients with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Effect of Nighttime Exercise on Sleep Quality Among the General Population in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Effect of Healthy Mental Lifestyle Package On Sleep Quality, Mental Health, and Lifestyle of Substance Users.
Title: Factors influencing sleep quality in the intensive care unit: a descriptive pilot study in Korea.
Title: Alterations of functional connectivity in young people with depression mediate the relationship between sleep quality and cognitive function.
Title: Quality of life of critical care nurses and impact on anxiety, depression, stress, burnout and sleep quality: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Assessment of sleep quality and its factors among clinicians working in critical care units and operation theaters at North West Ethiopia, 2022: a multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Psychosocial and health stressors during the COVID-19 pandemic and their association with sleep quality.
Title: Anxiety, depression, and sleep quality among breast cancer patients in North China: Mediating roles of hope and medical social support.
Title: Sleep Quality and Poor Sleep-related Factors Among Healthcare Workers During the COVID-19 Pandemic in Vietnam.
Title: Predictive factors of sleep quality and burnout in nurses working in transplant units during the COVID-19 lockdown - A cross-sectional study.
Title: Can restricting while-in-bed smartphone use improve sleep quality via decreasing pre-sleep cognitive arousal among Chinese undergraduates with problematic smartphone use? Longitudinal mediation analysis using parallel process latent growth curve modeling.
Title: Role of vitamin D in the association between pre-stroke sleep quality and poststroke depression and anxiety.
Title: Using gamma-band transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) to improve sleep quality and cognition in patients with mild neurocognitive disorders due to Alzheimer's disease: A study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Daytime sleepiness and sleep quality in Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
Title: Correlation Between Adolescent Mental Health and Sleep Quality: A Study in Indonesian Rural Areas During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality and stress: An investigation of collegiate aviation pilots.
Title: Correlation analysis between sleep quality and the mental health status of female sex workers during the COVID-19 pandemic in Hubei Province.
Title: Association of hair glucocorticoid levels with sleep quality indicators: a pilot study in apparently healthy perimenopausal and menopausal women.
Title: Light exposure behaviors predict mood, memory and sleep quality.
Title: Efficacy of Blue LED Phototherapy on Sleep Quality and Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep Quality Drives Next Day Pain and Fatigue in Adults With Inflammatory Bowel Disease: A Short Report.
Title: Physical activity and morningness: A helpful combination in improving the sleep quality of active Italian university students.
Title: High total bilirubin-to-uric acid ratio predicts poor sleep quality after acute ischemic stroke: a prospective nested case-control study.
Title: A randomized controlled study of a psycho-behavioral intervention combined with a non-benzodiazepine to improve perioperative sleep quality in patients undergoing knee arthroplasty.
Title: Disease-modifying therapies do not affect sleep quality or daytime sleepiness in a large Australian MS cohort.
Title: Sleep Quality Aspects in Post-COVID-19 Patients.
Title: Effects of Pilates on Pain, Physical Function, Sleep Quality, and Psychological Factors in Young Women with Dysmenorrhea: A Preliminary Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: Subjective Sleep Quality Versus Objective Accelerometric Measures of Sleep and Systemic Concentrations of Sleep-Related Hormones as Objective Biomarkers in Fibromyalgia Patients.
Title: Effects of Adverse Events and 12-Week Group Step Aerobics on Sleep Quality in Chinese Adolescents.
Title: The Association Between Race, Ethnicity and Sleep Quality and Duration: A National Health Interview Survey Study.
Title: Association between depression and quality of life in older adults with type 2 diabetes: A moderated mediation of cognitive impairment and sleep quality.
Title: Postpartum Insomnia and Poor Sleep Quality Are Longitudinally Predictive of Postpartum Mood Symptoms.
Title: Effect of Anti-Allergic Therapy on Sleep Quality of Children with Allergic Conjunctivitis and Their Parents.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality and Working From Home Influence the Prevalence of Leisure Time Physical Inactivity During the COVID-19 Pandemic: COVID-Inconfidentes Study.
Title: Correction to: Mediating Roles of Stress, Anxiety, and Depression in the Relationship between Constipation and Sleep Quality among the Elderly: Structural Equation Modeling (SEM).
Title: Retracted: The Effects of Rural Residents' Sleep Quality on the Incidence of Agricultural Injuries: A Meta-Analysis.
Title: Understanding sleep quality in a national cohort of young adult cancer survivors: Results from the YACPRIME study.
Title: Parents' Experiences and Perspectives of Their Child's Sleep Quality During Hospitalization.
Title: The Predictive Power of Pain Characteristics and Sleep Quality on Fatigue in Adolescents With Cancer.
Title: Longitudinal Correlates of Grandparenting with Depressive Symptoms and Poor Sleep Quality Among Middle-Aged and Older Women and Men in South Africa.
Title: The effect of light therapy on sleep quality in cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Consistency of chronotype measurements is affected by sleep quality, gender, longitude, and latitude.
Title: Dietary insulinemic potential, sleep quality and quantity in Iranian adults: Yazd health study and TAMYZ study.
Title: Poor sleep quality and its associated neurocognitive function in children with obesity with or without obstructive sleep apnea.
Title: Sweet dreams are not made of this: no association between diet and sleep quality.
Title: Male Army ROTC Cadets Fail to Meet Military Dietary Reference Intakes and Exhibit a High Prevalence of Low Energy Availability and Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: The effect of mindfulness-based intervention on cognitively unimpaired older adults' cognitive function and sleep quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The Impact of Smartphone Addiction on Sleep Quality Among High School Students in Makkah, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Saffron and Sleep Quality: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Effect of sleep ambient music on sleep quality and mental health in college students: a self-controlled study.
Title: The impact of psychological resilience on chronic patients' depression during the dynamic Zero-COVID policy: the mediating role of stigma and the moderating role of sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality and clinical association with sleep disturbance in systemic sclerosis.
Title: Multiplicative effect of stress and poor sleep quality on periodontitis: A university-based cross-sectional study.
Title: Retracted: The Relationship between Sleep Quality and Hemodialysis and Nursing Intervention in Uremia Patients Based on Intelligent Data.
Title: Relationship between depressive symptoms and sleep quality and cognitive inhibition ability in prenatal pregnant women.
Title: Effects of different Chinese traditional exercises on sleep quality and mental health of adults: systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Pre-sleep feeding, sleep quality, and markers of recovery in division I NCAA female soccer players.
Title: Association between sleep duration, sleep quality, bedtime and myopia: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Assessment of Gastroesophageal Reflux Symptoms and Sleep Quality Among Women in the Nurses' Health Study II.
Title: Can the ketogenic diet improve our dreams? Effect of very low-calorie ketogenic diet (VLCKD) on sleep quality.
Title: Assessment of sleep quality and sleep disordered breathing among post-hospitalized patients with COVID-19.
Title: Does a multimodal prehabilitation program improve sleep quality and duration in patients undergoing colorectal resection for cancer? Pilot randomized control trial.
Title: Sleep Quality and Associated Factors among Pregnant Women Attending Antenatal Care Unit at the Referral Hospitals in Oromia National Regional State, Ethiopia, 2021: A Multicenter Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Theanine maintains sleep quality in healthy young women by suppressing the increase in caffeine-induced wakefulness after sleep onset.
Title: Dietary sodium intake and its relation to sleep duration, sleep quality and nocturnal urination in working-aged Korean adults.
Title: Investigation of the Relationship Between BPPV with Anxiety, Sleep Quality and Falls.
Title: Meta-analysis of effects of yoga exercise intervention on sleep quality in breast cancer patients.
Title: The influence of emotion regulation strategies and sleep quality on depression and anxiety.
Title: Efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions on improving sleep quality in depressed patients: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Insomnia, poor sleep quality and perinatal suicidal risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Macronutrient Intake, Sleep Quality, Anxiety, Adherence to a Mediterranean Diet and Emotional Eating among Female Health Science Undergraduate Students.
Title: Malnutrition, Depression, Poor Sleep Quality, and Difficulty Falling Asleep at Night Are Associated with a Higher Risk of Cognitive Frailty in Older Adults during the COVID-19 Restrictions.
Title: Associations between Stress, Anxiety, Depression and Sleep Quality among Healthcare Students.
Title: Reciprocal Effects between Sleep Quality and Life Satisfaction in Older Adults: The Mediating Role of Health Status.
Title: Burnout Syndrome and Sleep Quality in Basic Education Teachers in Mexico.
Title: Association of oxidative balance score with sleep quality: NHANES 2007-2014.
Title: The chain mediation model of social support and life satisfaction among migrant older adults with children: The role of mental health and sleep quality.
Title: Development of the sleep quality scale for coronary care patients (SQ-CC).
Title: Efficacy and safety of acupuncture on sleep quality for post-stroke insomnia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The Correlation Between Night Shift Work Schedules, Sleep Quality, and Depression Symptoms.
Title: Mental health and sleep quality of low-income mothers of one-year-olds during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality, frailty and overall health among community-dwelling older people: A longitudinal study.
Title: Sleep quality is a predictor of muscle mass, strength, quality of life, anxiety and depression in older adults with obesity.
Title: Latent profile analysis for health-related quality of life, sleep quality, morning and evening type, and internet addiction among medical students.
Title: Impact of Final Phase Social Isolation and the COVID-19 Pandemic on Eating Behavior, Sleep Quality, and Anxiety Level.
Title: Effects of morning and evening physical exercise on subjective and objective sleep quality: an ecological study.
Title: Functional connectivity of the left inferior parietal lobule mediates the impact of anxiety and depression symptoms on sleep quality in healthy adults.
Title: [Effects of transcutaneous electrical acupoint stimulation on the postoperative sleep quality and inflammatory factors in frail elderly patients].
Title: The association between long-term exposure to outdoor artificial light at night and poor sleep quality among Chinese veterans: A multi-city study.
Title: The effect of breathing relaxation to improve poor sleep quality in adults using a huggable human-shaped device: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep Quality and Social Jetlag in Young Adults During the Social Distancing Caused by COVID-19.
Title: A cross-sectional and longitudinal study of how two intervention methods affect the anxiety, sleep quality, and physical activity of junior high school students under quarantine.
Title: Sleep quality and its relationship with school schedules and mental health of Nigerian secondary school adolescents.
Title: Mental health, sleep quality, and hormonal circadian rhythms in pregnant women with threatened preterm labor: a prospective observational study.
Title: Sleep duration, sleep quality and the risk of being obese: Evidence from the Australian panel survey.
Title: Sleep quality, fatigue, societal participation and health-related quality of life in kidney transplant recipients: a cross-sectional and longitudinal cohort study.
Title: The association between sleep quality and obstructive sleep apnea with health-related quality of life in children with obesity.
Title: Exploring associations between eHealth literacy, cyberchondria, online health information seeking and sleep quality among university students: A cross-section study.
Title: Correlation Between Chronotypes and Depressive Symptoms Mediated by Sleep Quality Among Chinese College Students During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: The Relationship Between Cognitive Impairments and Sleep Quality Measures in Persistent Insomnia Disorder.
Title: Is poor sleep quality associated with lipid profile in elderly population? Finding from Iranian Longitudinal Study on Ageing.
Title: The effect of Aromatherapy with Pelargonium graveolens (P. graveolens) on the fatigue and sleep quality of critical care nurses during the Covid-19 pandemic: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: The association of dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) and Mediterranean diet with mental health, sleep quality and chronotype in women with overweight and obesity: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Loneliness, depression and sleep quality among the type 2 diabetic patients during COVID-19 local epidemic: A mediation analysis.
Title: The emotional component of insomnia disorder: A focus on emotion regulation and affect dynamics in relation to sleep quality and insomnia.
Title: Comparison of painful temporomandibular disorders, psychological characteristics, sleep quality, and oral health-related quality of life of patients seeking care before and during the Covid-19 pandemic.
Title: Weighted Blanket Therapy for Periodic Limb Movement Disorder: A Case Report Highlighting Improved Sleep Quality and Reduced Symptoms.
Title: Retracted: Menopausal Symptoms and Sleep Quality in Women Aged 40-65 Years.
Title: Retracted: Nursing Intervention Based on Smart Medical Care on the Sleep Quality of Cardiology Patients.
Title: Investigation of Sleep Quality and Mental Health of Greek Physicians During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Racial Discrimination and Sleep Quality during the COVID-19 Pandemic: Findings from the Health, Ethnicity, and Pandemic (HEAP) Study.
Title: Electroencephalography Microstate Class D is a Brain Marker of Subjective Sleep Quality for College Students with High Habitual Sleep Efficiency.
Title: The association between nutritional status and sleep quality of Chinese community-dwelling older adults.
Title: The Effect of a Supportive Educational Intervention Through Virtual Social Networks on Sleep Quality and Insomnia of Patients with Cancer.
Title: Improving sleep quality is essential for enhancing soluble Klotho levels in hemodialysis patients.
Title: The impact of sleep quality on mental health in working Australians: A quasi-experimental approach.
Title: Towards an objective measurement of sleep quality in non-human animals: using the horse as a model species for the creation of sleep quality indices.
Title: Breakfast Frequency and Sleep Quality in College Students: The Multiple Mediating Effects of Sleep Chronotypes and Depressive Symptoms.
Title: The Effect of Transcranial Electrical Stimulation on the Recovery of Sleep Quality after Sleep Deprivation Based on an EEG Analysis.
Title: The Effects of COVID-19 Lockdown on the Sleep Quality of Children.
Title: Effects of a Sleep Hygiene Strategy on Parameters of Sleep Quality and Quantity in Youth Elite Rugby Union Players.
Title: Effects of a walking exercise programme on disease activity, sleep quality, and quality of life in systemic lupus erythematosus patients.
Title: Sleep Quality and Related Factors Among Liver Transplant Recipients in Korea: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Mindfulness-based Cognitive Therapy to Improve Sleep Quality in Older Adults with Insomnia.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality and Associated Factors among People Living with HIV/AIDS Attending ART Clinic at Tirunesh Beijing Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Title: Mediating role of psychological flexibility in the effect of obsessive-compulsive symptoms on sleep quality among nurses during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: COVID-19 Fear, Sleep Quality, Anxiety and Depression: A Moderated Mediation Model.
Title: The Effect of Different Types of Exercise on Sleep Quality and Architecture in Parkinson Disease: A Single-Blinded Randomized Clinical Trial Protocol.
Title: Facebook Addiction and High School Students' Sleep Quality: The Serial Mediation of Procrastination and Life Satisfaction and the Moderation of Self-Compassion.
Title: Melatonin effects on sleep quality of COVID-19 patients: a protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials with trial sequential analysis.
Title: Resting-state EEG as a potential indicator to predict sleep quality in depressive patients.
Title: The role of objectively recorded smartphone usage and personality traits in sleep quality.
Title: Follow-up of children with Down syndrome and sleep disordered breathing and the effects of treatment on actigraphically recorded sleep, quality of life, behaviour, and daytime functioning.
Title: Patterns of childhood maltreatment influence sleep quality: The role of emotion regulation.
Title: Mobile phone dependency and sleep quality in college students during COVID-19 outbreak: the mediating role of bedtime procrastination and fear of missing out.
Title: The mediating role of sun exposure on the association between sedentary behavior and sleep quality: A population-based cross-sectional study.
Title: The Association Between Essential Metal Element Mixture and Sleep Quality in Chinese Community-Dwelling Older Adults.
Title: Relationship between burnout levels of nurses and their circadian preference, sleep quality, and personality traits.
Title: Sleep quality after stroke: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The relationship between stress and sleep quality: The mediating effect of fatigue and dizziness among patients with cardiovascular disease.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality and Fatigue in Patients with Usher Syndrome Type 2a.
Title: Sleep Quality and Sleep Hygiene Behaviours Among University Students in Qatar.
Title: The effects of ergonomic sleep mask use on sleep quality and comfort in intensive care patients.
Title: A New Cycler for Automated Peritoneal Dialysis to Provide Efficient Dialysis and Improved Sleep Quality.
Title: Association of subjective cognitive complaints with poor sleep quality: A cross-sectional study among Chinese elderly.
Title: Sleep quality and temperament in association with autism spectrum disorder among infants in Japan.
Title: Changes in health and sleep quality after anti-retroviral treatment modification in Japanese people living with HIV.
Title: Sleep Location and Its Association with Caregiver Sleep Quality During Patient Hospital Admission.
Title: Sleep structure and related clinical characteristics in drug-naïve Parkinson's disease with subjectively different sleep quality.
Title: Association between sleep quality and benign prostate hyperplasia among middle-aged and older men in India.
Title: The role of symptoms severity, heart rate, and central sensitization for predicting sleep quality in patients with fibromyalgia.
Title: Is there an association between sleep quality and magnitude of capability?
Title: Sleep Quality and Quantity in Caregivers of Children with Type 1 Diabetes Using Closed-Loop Insulin Delivery or a Sensor-Augmented Pump.
Title: Subanesthetic Dose of Ketamine Administered Before Each Electroconvulsive Therapy Session Improves Antidepressant and Sleep Quality Outcomes: A Randomized, Controlled Trial.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality, Work Stress and Related Factors in Hospital Office Workers.
Title: The role of sleep quality and perceived stress on depressive symptoms among tertiary hospital nurses: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sedentary behavior is associated with poor sleep quality during the COVID-19 pandemic, and physical activity mitigates its adverse effects.
Title: Associations Between Workplace Violence and Mental Health Among Chinese Health Technicians: A Moderated Mediation Analysis of Sleep Quality and Physical Activity.
Title: Sleep Quality Moderates the Relationship Between Daily Mean Levels and Variability of Positive Affect.
Title: Daily Sleep Quality and Support in Romantic Relationships: The Role of Negative Affect and Perspective-Taking.
Title: The mediating role of sleep quality on the relationship between internet gaming disorder and perceived stress and suicidal behaviour among Indian medical students.
Title: Poor sleep quality, insomnia, and short sleep duration before infection predict long-term symptoms after COVID-19.
Title: Poor self-reported sleep quality associated with suicide risk in a community sample of American Indian adults.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Disturbance in Alopecia Areata through Questionnaire: Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index as a Reasonable Tool.
Title: Association of sleep quality, its change and sleep duration with the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: Findings from the English longitudinal study of ageing.
Title: Impact of Covid-19 lockdown on sleep quality, physical activity, and body weight among university students: A retrospective cross-sectional study.
Title: Dexmedetomidine Improved Sleep Quality in the Intensive Care Unit After Laryngectomy.
Title: Influencing factors of sleep disorders and sleep quality in healthcare workers during the COVID-19 pandemic: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Depression is associated with worse health-related quality of life, lower physical activity levels, and inadequate sleep quality in a Greek elderly population.
Title: Evaluation of pharyngeal airway space after orthodontic extraction treatment in class II malocclusion integrating with the subjective sleep quality assessment.
Title: Association of plant-based diet index with sleep quality in middle-aged and older adults: The Healthy Dance Study.
Title: Sleep quality and predictors of optimal sleep in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: data from a recent-onset cohort.
Title: [Sleep quality, emotional and behavioral disturbances, and eating behavior in adolescents with obesity: a network analysis-based model].
Title: [An analysis of complaints about sleep disorders as an indicator of poor sleep quality in patients with primary headache disorders].
Title: How relative deprivation affects the sleep quality of Chinese college students: testing an integrated model of social anxiety and trait mindfulness.
Title: Alternate-day modified fasting diet improves weight loss, subjective sleep quality and daytime dysfunction in women with obesity or overweight: a randomized, controlled trial.
Title: Glycemic control and its association with sleep quality and duration among type 2 diabetic patients.
Title: The Effect of Family-Centered and Peer-Centered Education on the Sleep Quality of Hemodialysis Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Bedtime extended release cornstarch improves biochemical profile and sleep quality for patients with glycogen storage disease type Ia.
Title: Sex hormones, insomnia, and sleep quality: Subjective sleep in the first year of hormone use in transgender persons.
Title: What a difference a year makes: Objective rest/activity patterns, circadian phase markers, and sleep quality before and during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Trajectories in allostatic load as predictors of sleep quality among urban adults: Healthy aging in neighborhoods of diversity across the life span study.
Title: Effects of Propofol on Perioperative Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Gastrointestinal Endoscopy: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Title: Salivary Interleukin 1-Beta Concentration Associates With Sleep Quality in Older Individuals.
Title: PTH levels, sleep quality, and cognitive function in primary hyperparathyroidism.
Title: Sleep quality and related influencing factors in adult hypertensive patients in Shandong Province, China.
Title: Do older people with poor sleep quality have worse cardiac autonomic control?
Title: Feasibility and Efficacy of Craniosacral Therapy on Sleep Quality in Fibromyalgia Syndrome: a Pre-Post Pilot Trial.
Title: The impact of sleep quality and its change on the long-term risk of stroke in middle-aged and elderly people: Findings from the English Longitudinal Study of Ageing.
Title: Sleep quality in patients with non-functioning pituitary adenoma: impact of replacement therapies with an emphasis on the time of hydrocortisone.
Title: Association between sleep quality and psychological symptoms: A cross-sectional survey of Chinese university students performed during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality and glycemic control in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Title: Effect of Social Media Addiction on Executive Functioning Among Young Adults: The Mediating Roles of Emotional Disturbance and Sleep Quality.
Title: Daily associations with cannabis use and sleep quality in anxious cannabis users.
Title: [Factors related to sleep quality in Emergency Medical Technicians and their sleep habits during COVID-19 pandemic.].
Title: Sleep quality mediates the relationship between systemic inflammation and neurocognitive performance.
Title: Persistent olfactory dysfunction associated with poor sleep quality and anxiety in patients with long COVID.
Title: Poor sleep quality and associated determinants among textile and garment manufacturing workers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Title: Examining the Impact of Physical Activity on Sleep Quality in Children With ADHD.
Title: The Relationship between COVID-19 Anxiety and Student Nurses' Perceived Health, Sleep Quality, and Psychological Well-being.
Title: Fibromyalgia in China: sleep quality is related to symptoms, quality of life and especially mental health.
Title: Effectiveness of Land- and Water-based Exercise on Fatigue and Sleep Quality in Women With Fibromyalgia: The al-Ándalus Quasi-Experimental Study.
Title: Effects of a Mediterranean Diet Intervention on Maternal Stress, Well-Being, and Sleep Quality throughout Gestation-The IMPACT-BCN Trial.
Title: The Complex Association between Sleep Quality, Psychological Wellbeing, and Neurodevelopmental Disorders in Childhood.
Title: Sleep Quality in Women with Premenstrual Syndrome Is Associated with Metabolic Syndrome-Related Variables.
Title: Sleep Quality Should Be Assessed in Inpatient Rehabilitation Settings: A Preliminary Study.
Title: Mediterranean Diet Adherence Is Associated with Favorable Health-Related Quality of Life, Physical Activity, and Sleep Quality in a Community-Dwelling Greek Older Population.
Title: The relationship between the intake of branched-chain and aromatic amino acids and individuals' sleep quality based on body mass index, gender, and age.
Title: Efficacy and Safety of Gabapentin in Improving Sleep Quality of Patients with Sensory Nervous System Diseases: A Meta-Analysis.
Title: Sleep quality as a mediator of the relationship between screen time and negative emotions among Chinese college freshmen.
Title: Clinical determinants of sleep quality in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Title: Associations of self-reported sleep duration and sleep quality during pregnancy with newborn telomere length.
Title: Emotion regulation difficulties and sleep quality in adolescence during the early stages of the COVID-19 lockdown.
Title: Exercise-based interventions on sleep quality in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome: An umbrella and mapping review with meta-analysis.
Title: Mental health and sleep quality among patients with asthma and COPD.
Title: MVPA and Motor Proficiency between Children with ADHD and Typical Development: Associations with Sleep Quality.
Title: Better sleep quality and higher physical activity levels predict lower emotion dysregulation among persons with major depression disorder.
Title: Sleep Quality and Depressive Symptoms in Caregivers of Persons with Dementia: A Systematic Review.
Title: Effects of Footbath on Postoperative Pain and Sleep Quality in Patients With Lumbar Degenerative Disc Disease: A Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: At-home wireless sleep monitoring patches for the clinical assessment of sleep quality and sleep apnea.
Title: Effects of (non)deceptive placebos on reported sleep quality and food cue reactivity.
Title: Sleep duration, sleep quality and obesity in the Canadian Armed Forces.
Title: Gender differences and left-behind experiences in the relationship between gaming disorder, rumination and sleep quality among a sample of Chinese university students during the late stage of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality, social rhythms, and depression among people living with HIV: a path analysis based on social zeitgeber theory.
Title: Gender differences in the modifying effect of living arrangements on the association of sleep quality with cognitive function among community-dwelling older adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep Quality, Metabolic Function, Physical Activity, and Neurocognition Among Individuals with Resistant Hypertension.
Title: Poor sleep quality and nocturnal home noninvasive ventilation: Prevalence, risk factors and impact.
Title: Impact of chronic pelvic pain and painful bladder syndrome on the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index on women with deep endometriosis: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Green sleep: Immediate residential greenspace and access to larger green areas are associated with better sleep quality, in a longitudinal population-based cohort.
Title: The influence of COVID-19-related resilience on depression, job stress, sleep quality, and burnout among intensive care unit nurses.
Title: The impact of laparoscopic Roux-en-Y gastric bypass on sleep quality and duration after one year of follow-up.
Title: Sleep quality, not only sleep quantity, for understanding the role of genetics, epigenetics, and sleep in ADHD.
Title: The relation between sleep quality during pregnancy and health-related quality of life-a systematic review.
Title: Characterization of Parental Knowledge on Early Child Sleep and Association with Child Sleep Quality: A Cross-Sectional Pilot Study in Chongqing, China.
Title: Associations of sleep duration and sleep quality with indicators of mental health among youth and adults: findings from the 2015 Canadian Community Health Survey.
Title: The Association of Screen Time, Sleep Quality, and Dry Eye Among College Students in Saudi Arabia.
Title: Sleep well to perform well: the association between sleep quality and medical student performance in a high-stakes clinical assessment.
Title: Alcohol use and poor sleep quality: a longitudinal twin study across 36 years.
Title: Association of sleep quality, media use and book reading with behavioral problems in early childhood. The Ulm SPATZ Health Study.
Title: Overnight emotional inertia in relation to depressive symptomatology and subjective sleep quality.
Title: Night-time smartphone use, sleep duration, sleep quality, and menstrual disturbances in young adult women: A population-based study with high-resolution tracking data.
Title: Retraction of: P094 Sleep quality assessment among Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease patients in a tertiary teaching hospital.
Title: Trajectory of Perinatal Depressive Symptoms from the Second Trimester to Three Months Postpartum and Its Association with Sleep Quality.
Title: Long-term poor sleep quality is associated with adverse donor reactions in college students in Central China: A population-based cross-sectional study.
Title: Gender and Nightshift Work: A Cross Sectional Study on Sleep Quality and Daytime Somnolence.
Title: Physical Activity and Sleep Quality in Spanish Primary School Children: Mediation of Sex and Maturational Stage.
Title: Establishing new cutoffs for Cohen's d: An application using known effect sizes from trials for improving sleep quality on composite mental health.
Title: Relationship of sleep quality, chronotype, and obstructive sleep apnea with migraine in the elderly population.
Title: Subjective Sleep Quality as it Relates to Cognitive and Physical Function in Spinal Muscular Atrophy Patients.
Title: Sleep quality differentially modulates neural oscillations and proteinopathy in Alzheimer's disease.
Title: The relationship between mental health, sleep quality and the immunogenicity of COVID-19 vaccinations.
Title: A serial mediation model of social media addiction and college students' academic engagement: the role of sleep quality and fatigue.
Title: Associations of self-reported and device-assessed physical activity with fatigue, quality of life, and sleep quality in adults living with and beyond cancer.
Title: What Value of Sixth Month Excess Weight Loss (Postsleeve Gastrectomy) Is Necessary for Better Sleep Quality?
Title: Cross-lagged relationship between sleep quality and sense of coherence and the moderating role of mastery in older adults.
Title: Physical Activity and Its Synergistic Interaction With Low Platelet-Lymphocyte Ratio Levels Increasing the Sleep Quality in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Title: The relationships between physical function, nutrition, cognitive function, depression, and sleep quality for facility-dwelling older adults with dynapenia.
Title: Depression, sleep quality, and body image disturbances among pregnant women in India: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Correlations between the symptoms of insomnia, depression, sleep quality, antitumor necrosis factor therapy, and disrupted circadian clock gene expression in inflammatory bowel disease.
Title: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial evaluating the effect of 
Title: Mediating Roles of Stress, Anxiety, and Depression in the Relationship between Constipation and Sleep Quality among the Elderly: Structural Equation Modeling (SEM).
Title: Sleep Quality, Insomnia, and Perceived Stress among Colombian Healthcare Workers during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Preconception sleep quality moderates the association between preconception hair cortisol levels and mental health in pregnant women.
Title: Bidirectional association between sleep quality or duration and aggressive behaviour in early adolescents: A cross-lagged longitudinal study.
Title: Effects of heart rate variability biofeedback (HRVBFB) on sleep quality and depression among methamphetamine users.
Title: Sleep quality and polysomnographic changes in patients with chronic pain with and without central sensitization signs.
Title: An exploratory study of sleep quality and quantity in children with causal variants in SYNGAP1, an autism risk gene.
Title: Mechanism of the association between sleep quality and mortality in middle-aged and older adults: A prospective study analysis of the UK Biobank.
Title: Efficacy of hydrotherapy, spa therapy, and balneotherapy on sleep quality: a systematic review.
Title: Hospitalized Patients' Sleep Quality Compared Between Multioccupancy Rooms and Single-Patient Rooms.
Title: A single-blind field intervention study of whether increased bedroom ventilation improves sleep quality.
Title: Effects of home confinement on physical activity, nutrition, and sleep quality during the COVID-19 outbreak in amateur and elite athletes.
Title: Disrupted white matter integrity in primary insomnia and major depressive disorder: relationships to sleep quality and depression severity.
Title: Vegetarians have an indirect positive effect on sleep quality through depression condition.
Title: Analysis of factors affecting psychological status and sleep quality of tumor patients after radiotherapy.
Title: Impact of dental bullying on bruxism associated with poor sleep quality among adolescents.
Title: Changes in sleep quality among Chinese active service personnel: A cross-temporal meta-analysis, 2003-2019.
Title: African American race is associated with worse sleep quality in heavy smokers.
Title: Trajectories of sleep quality and depressive symptoms in women from pregnancy to 3 months postpartum: a prospective cohort study.
Title: Short-term effect of material type and thickness of occlusal splints on maximum bite force and sleep quality in patients with sleep bruxism: a randomized controlled clinical trial.
Title: Effect of Tinnitus on Sleep Quality and Insomnia.
Title: The Effects of Depression and Sleep Quality on Somatic Symptoms in Middle-Aged Women with Cardiovascular Risk Factors.
Title: The relationship between health belief and sleep quality of Chinese college students: The mediating role of physical activity and moderating effect of mobile phone addiction.
Title: The associations between working conditions and subjective sleep quality among female migrant care workers.
Title: Changes in sleep quality and sleep disturbances in the general population from before to during the COVID-19 lockdown: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Different facets of COVID-19-related stress in relation to emotional well-being, life satisfaction, and sleep quality.
Title: Functional Connectivity of White Matter and Its Association with Sleep Quality.
Title: Sleep quality, anxiety, symptoms of depression, and caregiver burden among those caring for patients with Dravet syndrome: a prospective multicenter study in Germany.
Title: Sleep Quality between Nurses and the General Population during the COVID-19 Pandemic in Portugal: What Are the Differences?
Title: Problematic technology use and sleep quality in young adulthood: novel insights from a nationally representative twin study.
Title: Sex Difference in the Association Between Sedentary Behavior and Sleep Quality: A Longitudinal Study Among Older Adults in Rural China.
Title: Health Effects of Sleep Quality in Premutation Carrier Mothers of Individuals With Fragile X Syndrome.
Title: Correlation of plasma metabolites and comorbid illnesses with poor sleep quality in patients with coronary heart disease.
Title: The relationships among metacognitive functions, sleep-related thought-control strategies and sleep quality: A mediation analysis.
Title: The effect of Pilates exercises on sleep quality and fatigue among female students dormitory residents.
Title: Does self-compassion explain variance in sleep quality in women experiencing hot flushes?
Title: The immediate effects of lavender-based essential oil inhalation on subsequent polysomnography in people with poor sleep quality.
Title: A role of cryptochrome for magnetic field-dependent improvement of sleep quality, lifespan, and motor function in Drosophila.
Title: Relationship between free-time physical activity and sleep quality in Brazilian university students.
Title: Effect of house dust mite allergen on sleep parameters and sleep quality.
Title: Equivalent Improvements in Sleep Duration and Sleep Quality Regardless of Program Delivery Modality: The SLeep Education for Everyone Program (SLEEP).
Title: Effects on Sleep Quality of Physical Exercise Programs in Older Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Effects of interpersonal sensitivity on depressive symptoms in postgraduate students during the COVID-19 pandemic: Psychological capital and sleep quality as mediators.
Title: Relationship between hedonic hunger and subjectively assessed sleep quality and perceived stress among university students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The Mediating Role of Sleep Quality in the Association Between Negative Affect and Cognitive Function Among Patients With Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma After Intensity-Modulated Radiotherapy.
Title: Less Social Deprivation Is Associated With Better Health-Related Quality of Life in Asthma and Is Mediated by Less Anxiety and Better Sleep Quality.
Title: Circadian rhythms and sleep quality among undergraduate students in China: The mediating role of health-promoting lifestyle behaviours.
Title: Comparison of postoperative pain, anxiety, and sleep quality in robotic-assisted and manual total knee replacement surgery.
Title: The impact of sleep quality on health, participation and employment outcomes in people with spinal cord injury: Analyses from a large cross-sectional survey.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality, snoring symptoms, night shift and risk of stroke in Chinese over 40 years old.
Title: Mobility range, level of pain and sleep quality of patients with venous leg ulcers.
Title: The effect of α-lactalbumin consumption on sleep quality and quantity in female rugby union athletes: a field-based study.
Title: Sleep hygiene and sleep quality in Iranian adolescents during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Insomnia, Poor Sleep Quality and Sleep Duration, and Risk for COVID-19 Infection and Hospitalization.
Title: Associations between chronotype, sleep quality, maternal mental health, and child development in mother-infant dyads.
Title: Correction to: 
Title: The impact of fibromyalgia syndrome on obstructive sleep apnea syndrome in terms of pain threshold, daytime symptoms, anxiety, depression, disease severity, and sleep quality: a polysomnographic study.
Title: Evaluating the effect of sleep quality and chronotype differences on erectile dysfunction.
Title: The Effect of Foot Massage Applied to Patients With Congestive Heart Failure on Peripheral Edema and Sleep Quality: A Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: Effect of perioperative cognitive behavioral interventions on pain, anxiety, and sleep quality in elderly patients after sinus floor elevation and immediate implantation: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Linear Regression Analysis of Sleep Quality in People with Insomnia in Wuhan City during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Educational degree differences in the association between work stress and depression among Chinese healthcare workers: Job satisfaction and sleep quality as the mediators.
Title: Proper use of light environments for mitigating the effects of COVID-19 and other prospective public health emergency lockdowns on sleep quality and fatigue in adolescents.
Title: Leveraging Ecological Momentary Assessment to Examine Bi-directional Associations Between Sleep Quality, Adolescent/Young Adult Alcohol Craving and Use.
Title: Sleep quality and physical activity in the management of depression and anxiety.
Title: Sleep quality as a mediator of the relation between depression and chronic pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Effect of intraoperative remimazolam on postoperative sleep quality in elderly patients after total joint arthroplasty: a randomized control trial.
Title: Factors Affecting Depression and Its Relation to Sleep Quality among Parents of Type 1 Diabetes Patients.
Title: A clinical and technical methodological review on stress detection and sleep quality prediction in an academic environment.
Title: Factors associated with sleep quality in university students.
Title: Comparison the effect of valerian and gabapentin on RLS and sleep quality in hemodialysis patients: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: Sleep Quality of Family Caregivers of Children With Tracheostomies or Home Ventilators: A Scoping Review.
Title: Nurses and midwives' sleep quality and its associated factors during the early COVID-19 pandemic in Iran.
Title: Evaluation of the correlation between sleep quality and work engagement among nurses in Shanghai during the post-epidemic era.
Title: The Effect of Sleep Quality and Mental Fatigue on the Learning Rate of Shift Workers with Fast Shift Work Rotation.
Title: Soccer Players' Sleep Quality and Training Load Were Affected by the COVID-19 Lockdown: An International Survey.
Title: Bidirectional associations between post-traumatic stress symptoms and sleep quality among older survivors of the 2011 Great East Japan Earthquake and Tsunami.
Title: The Association Between Self-reported Sleep Quality and Self-care in Adults With Heart Failure: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Assessing the Impact of Technology Use, Social Engagement, Emotional Regulation, and Sleep Quality Among Undergraduate Students in Jordan: Examining the Mediating Effect of Perceived and Academic Stress.
Title: The effect of problematic smartphone use on school engagement and disengagement among middle school students: The mediating role of academic procrastination and sleep quality.
Title: The Effect of Laughter Yoga on the Psychological Resilience and Sleep Quality of Nurses During the Pandemic: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The associations between body dissatisfaction, exercise intensity, sleep quality, and depression in university students in southern China.
Title: Fatigue, sleepiness and sleep quality are SARS-CoV-2 variant independent in patients with long COVID symptoms.
Title: Effectiveness of sound and darkness interventions for critically ill patients' sleep quality: A systematic review and component network meta-analysis.
Title: Well-being therapy and sleep hygiene in a non-clinical population of adults reporting poor sleep quality and distress: A remote pilot randomized controlled study.
Title: The Herbal Medicine 
Title: Dimensions of sleep quality are related to objectively measured eating behaviors among children at high familial risk for obesity.
Title: Correction: Effects of dexmedetomidine on postoperative sleep quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Effects of sleep quality on suicide risk in COVID-19 patients: The chain mediating of anxiety and depressive symptoms.
Title: The effectiveness of exercise on global cognitive function, balance, depression symptoms, and sleep quality in patients with mild cognitive impairment: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Disability for Custodial Grandparents Caregivers in the Southern United States.
Title: Habitual caffeine consumption, genetic polymorphisms of cytokines and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality, perivascular spaces and brain health markers in ageing - A longitudinal study in the Lothian Birth Cohort 1936.
Title: Pulmonary Function, Anxiety, Depression, and Sleep Quality after Recovery from COVID-19.
Title: Acute effects of fresh versus dried Hayward green kiwifruit on sleep quality, mood, and sleep-related urinary metabolites in healthy young men with good and poor sleep quality.
Title: Effect of short-term mindfulness-based stress reduction on sleep quality in male patients with alcohol use disorder.
Title: Demographic variables, anthropometric indices, sleep quality, Metabolic Equivalent Task (MET), and developing diabetes in the southwest of Iran.
Title: The impact of impaired sleep quality on symptom change and future exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Title: 
Title: The Effects of Self-Aromatherapy Massage on Pain and Sleep Quality in Patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Effect of acupuncture versus usual care on sleep quality in cancer survivors with chronic pain: Secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
Title: 
Title: The Therapeutic Impact of Plant-Based and Nutritional Supplements on Anxiety, Depressive Symptoms and Sleep Quality among Adults and Elderly: A Systematic Review of the Literature.
Title: Associations between Sleep Quality, Frailty, and Quality of Life among Older Adults in Community and Nursing Home Settings.
Title: Effects of Socioeconomic Environment on Physical Activity Levels and Sleep Quality in Basque Schoolchildren.
Title: Association between fear of progression and sleep quality in patients with chronic heart failure: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Association between depression and dysmenorrhea among adolescent girls: multiple mediating effects of binge eating and sleep quality.
Title: Effects of melatonin on postoperative sleep quality: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and trial sequential analysis.
Title: Mobile Phone Addiction and Sleep Quality: The Mediating Role of Anxiety and the Moderating Role of Emotion Regulation.
Title: Impact of 6 months' Use of Intermittently Scanned Continuous Glucose Monitoring on Habitual Sleep Patterns and Sleep Quality in Adolescents and Young Adults with Type 1 Diabetes and High-Risk HbA1c.
Title: Body posture as a factor determining sleep quality in patients using non-invasive ventilation.
Title: Risk factors for poor sleep quality in patients with inflammatory bowel disease in China: A multicenter study.
Title: Examining the influence of inflammatory bowel disease medications on sleep quality.
Title: Adverse and Benevolent Childhood Experiences Predict Prenatal Sleep Quality.
Title: Sleep quality and its correlates among undergraduate medical students in Nepal: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Prediction Models for Sleep Quality Among College Students During the COVID-19 Outbreak: Cross-sectional Study Based on the Internet New Media.
Title: Relationship Between Physical Exercise and Cognitive Impairment Among Older Adults with Type 2 Diabetes: Chain Mediating Roles of Sleep Quality and Depression.
Title: Pediatric psoriasis negatively influences parental sleep quality.
Title: Perceived Sleep Quality in Individuals with Inborn Errors of Immunity.
Title: The impact of perceived social support on sleep quality in a sample of patients undergoing hemodialysis in Somalia.
Title: Effect of 4-Week Heartfulness Meditation on Stress Scores, Sleep Quality, and Oxidative and Inflammatory Biochemical Parameters in COVID-19 Patients after Completion of Standard Treatment - A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Self-report Sleep Quality and its Risk Factors Among Community-dwelling Older Adults in China.
Title: Effects of dexmedetomidine on postoperative sleep quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Long Sleep Duration and Dissatisfaction with Sleep Quality Are Associated with Ischemic Stroke in Young Patients.
Title: Association between sleep hygiene practices scale and sleep quality in Black and Latinx patients with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes.
Title: Influence of sunlight on the association between 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and sleep quality in Brazilian adults: A population-based study.
Title: Feasibility and effect of emotional freedom therapy on sleep quality in patients with end-stage renal disease receiving maintenance hemodialysis: A pilot study.
Title: Tracking sleep in the field: sleep quality and sleep behaviours of elite track and field athletes during preparation and competition.
Title: Intensive Neurofeedback Protocol: An Alpha Training to Improve Sleep Quality and Stress Modulation in Health Care Professionals During the Covid-19 Pandemic. A Pilot Study.
Title: Low serum uric acid levels may be a potential biomarker of poor sleep quality in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Title: Associations of sleep quality with the skeletal muscle strength in patients with type 2 diabetes with poor glycemic control.
Title: Bidirectional Associations Between Sleep Quality and Grip Strength and the Mediating Role of Depression: Evidence From Two Nationally Representative Cohorts.
Title: Impact of Nocturnal Polyuria and Sleep Quality in Kidney Transplant Recipients With Nocturia.
Title: The past, present, and future of sleep quality assessment and monitoring.
Title: Transcutaneous Electrical Acupoint Stimulation Improves Postoperative Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Gastrointestinal Tumor Surgery: A Prospective, Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Risk factors of poor sleep quality in older adults: an analysis based on comprehensive geriatric assessment.
Title: Using sleep heart rate variability to investigate the sleep quality in children with obstructive sleep apnea.
Title: Adverse childhood experiences and depressive symptoms among adolescents during the COVID-19 pandemic: mediating roles of poor sleep quality and psychological inflexibility.
Title: Association between poor sleep quality and locomotive syndrome in middle-aged and older women: A community-based, cross-sectional study.
Title: Loneliness and problematic social networking sites use in young adults with poor vs. good sleep quality: The moderating role of gender.
Title: Catastrophizing and Hypervigilance Influence Subjective Sleep Quality in Painful TMD Patients.
Title: Associations between self-reported sleep quality and cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers in mild cognitive impairment and Alzheimer's disease.
Title: Night-Time Noise and Sleep Quality in an Internal Medicine Ward in Portugal: An Observational Study.
Title: A low-threshold sleep intervention for improving sleep quality and well-being.
Title: Effect of switching from continuous to bilevel positive airway pressure on sleep quality in patients with obstructive sleep apnea: the prospective POP IN VAuto study.
Title: Effects of dysfunctional beliefs about sleep on sleep quality and mental health among patients with COVID-19 treated in Fangcang shelter hospitals.
Title: Sleep Quality Disturbances Are Associated with White Matter Alterations in Veterans with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and Mild Traumatic Brain Injury.
Title: Effects of Preoperative Anxiety on Postoperative Outcomes and Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Laparoscopic Gynecological Surgery.
Title: Interrelationships of Sleep Quality, Obesity Severity, and Clinical Headache Features among Women with Comorbid Migraine and Obesity.
Title: Socioeconomic Background and Self-Reported Sleep Quality in Older Adults during the COVID-19 Pandemic: An Analysis of the English Longitudinal Study of Ageing (ELSA).
Title: The Relationship between Selected Factors (Temperament, Bipolar Traits, Sleep Quality, Severity of Addiction) and Depressive Symptoms in Alcohol-Dependent Men.
Title: Measuring Sleep Quality in the Hospital Environment with Wearable and Non-Wearable Devices in Adults with Stroke Undergoing Inpatient Rehabilitation.
Title: Exploring Clinical Trials to Manage Firefighters' Sleep Quality: A PRISMA Compliant Systematic Review.
Title: Effects of Melatonin Supplementation on Sleep Quality in Breast Cancer Patients: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Evaluating the influence of sleep quality and quantity on glycemic control in adults with type 1 diabetes.
Title: Sleep quality evaluation, correlation with headache frequency, and propensity to conversion from episodic to chronic daily headache in migraine patients: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The relationship between self-assessment living standard and mental health among the older in rural China: the mediating role of sleep quality.
Title: Analysis of the determinants of sleep quality in a Spanish population: a study protocol for a cross-sectional study.
Title: Poor sleep quality during COVID-19 pandemic restrictions associated with reduced psychological wellbeing in healthcare students.
Title: Sleep Quality in the Advanced Heart Failure ICU.
Title: Trends and disparities in sleep quality and duration in older adults in China from 2008 to 2018: A national observational study.
Title: Getting a Good Night's Sleep: Associations Between Sleep Duration and Parent-Reported Sleep Quality on Default Mode Network Connectivity in Youth.
Title: Sleep quality and sleep duration predict brain microstructure among community-dwelling older adults.
Title: Association between adverse childhood experiences and sleep quality, emotional and behavioral problems and academic achievement of children and adolescents.
Title: Investigating sleep quality and sleep hygiene awareness among Chinese adults: an association and network analysis study.
Title: Relationship of sleep duration and sleep quality with health-related quality of life in patients on hemodialysis in Neyshabur.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among adult people living with HIV on follow-up at Dessie Town Governmental Health Facilities Antiretroviral Therapy Clinics, Northeast, Ethiopia, 2020, a multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Efficacy of lifestyle medicine on sleep quality: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Effect of Paediatric Atopic Dermatitis on Parental Sleep Quality.
Title: Mediating effects of fatigue on the relationship between sleep quality and the quality of life of shift-working nurses.
Title: Sleep quality, mental health, and quality of life in women with breast cancer.
Title: Effects of chair-based resistance band exercise on physical functioning, sleep quality, and depression of older adults in long-term care facilities: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Depression, anxiety, and sleep quality of caregivers of children with spinal muscular atrophy.
Title: Clinical phenotypes of obstructive sleep apnea: a cluster analysis based on sleep perception and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep regularity in healthy adolescents: Associations with sleep duration, sleep quality, and mental health.
Title: Impact of workplace yoga on pain measures, mental health, sleep quality, and quality of life in female teachers with chronic musculoskeletal pain: A randomized controlled study.
Title: Psychological resilience buffers the association between cell phone addiction and sleep quality among college students in Jiangsu Province, China.
Title: The relationship between oral health status, loneliness, and sleep quality among the migrant elderly following children in Weifang, Shandong Province, China: A comparative analysis on different migration types.
Title: Research on the relationship between physical activity, sleep quality, psychological resilience, and social adaptation among Chinese college students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Self-reported sleep quality and exercise in polycystic ovary syndrome: A secondary analysis of a pilot randomized controlled trial.
Title: Relationships between the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) and vertigo outcome.
Title: Sleep quality in caregivers of pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes, real life experience.
Title: The effect of music on the improvement of sleep quality: a report from the viewpoint of Jorjani.
Title: Factors Affecting Sleep Quality of College Students during the Coronavirus Disease 2019 Pandemic: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality as a Predictor of Quality-of-Life and Emotional Status Impairment in Patients with Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: More Competition in Mind, Better Sleep at Night? The Mediating Role of Anxiety between Competitive Attitude and Sleep Quality.
Title: The Interrelationship of Loneliness, Smartphone Addiction, Sleep Quality, and Students' Attention in English as a Foreign Language Class.
Title: Effects of Tai Chi on Sleep Quality as Well as Depression and Anxiety in Insomnia Patients: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Sleep Quality and Duration in Children That Consume Caffeine: Impact of Dose and Genetic Variation in 
Title: Habitual Videogame Playing Does Not Compromise Subjective Sleep Quality and Is Associated with Improved Daytime Functioning.
Title: Do Sleep-Related Metacognitive Strategies Shape My Sleep? The Relationships between Strategies for Controlling Sleep-Related Intrusive Thoughts and Subjective and Objective Sleep Quality in Young Adulthood and Older Age.
Title: Mobile Phone Addiction and Sleep Quality among Older People: The Mediating Roles of Depression and Loneliness.
Title: Depression and Anxiety Mediate the Association between Sleep Quality and Self-Rated Health in Healthcare Students.
Title: Hypertension, sleep quality, depression, and cognitive function in elderly: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The effect of COVID-19 restrictions on sleep quality of university students and variables predicting sleep quality.
Title: The effect of auriculotherapy on improving sleep quality in postmenopausal women aged 45-60 years: A clinical trial study.
Title: Effect of massage therapy on sleep quality in critically ill patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Pharmacotherapy for improving postoperative sleep quality: a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: The effect of explicit and implicit online self-compassion interventions on sleep quality among Chinese adults: A longitudinal and diary study.
Title: Poor sleep quality and erectile dysfunction in students from a Peruvian University: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The Effect of Dracocephalum Extract on Sleep Quality in Post-Menopausal Women: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Title: Acute and long-term sleep measurements produce opposing results on sleep quality in 8 and 12 hour shift patterns in law enforcement officers.
Title: Does parental phubbing aggravates adolescent sleep quality problems?
Title: The relationships among perceived stress, resilience, sleep quality and first-month retention of newly employed nurses: A cross-sectional survey.
Title: Relationship between traits and sleep quality of hospitalized elderly patients and sleep quality of family caregivers.
Title: Sleep Quality and Associated Factors Among Adult Cancer Patients on Treatments at Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital Oncology Unit, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 2021.
Title: Association between negative psychology and sleep quality in dialysis patients during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Factors associated with poor sleep quality in patients with pre-dialysis chronic kidney disease: A systematic review.
Title: Early physical activity after concussion is associated with sleep quality but not dizziness among adolescent athletes.
Title: Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the sleep quality of students: A meta-analysis and meta-regression.
Title: Sleep quality is mediated by physical activity level in adolescents.
Title: Sleep quality and sex-related factors in adult patients with immune-mediated diabetes: a large cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations Between Dimensional Persistence of ADHD and Adult Sleep Quality in a Prospective Study of Girls.
Title: Global prevalence and associated factors of sleep disorders and poor sleep quality among firefighters: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: 
Title: Subjective and Objective Measurement of Sleep Quality and Activity in Glaucoma.
Title: Four-year follow-up on fatigue and sleep quality of a three-armed partly randomized controlled study in breast cancer survivors with cancer-related fatigue.
Title: The Effect of Shiatsu Therapy on Sleep Quality in Patients With Low Back Pain: A Secondary Analysis.
Title: The effect of distance nurse-led fatigue management on fatigue, sleep quality, and self-efficacy in patients with multiple sclerosis: a quasi-experimental study.
Title: Mindfulness and burnout among Chinese college students: mediation through sleep quality and perceived stress.
Title: Sleep quality mediates the relationship between lower urinary tract symptoms and health-related quality of life in women with type-II diabetes.
Title: Does poor sleep quality lead to increased low back pain the following day?
Title: The effect of cognitive-behavioral counseling with or without 
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and occupational well-being in employees: The mediating role of occupational self-efficacy.
Title: Impact of treatment with dimethyl fumarate on sleep quality in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis: A multicentre Italian wearable tracker study.
Title: Exploring the Role of Dairy Products In Sleep Quality: From Population Studies to Mechanistic Evaluations.
Title: The association of cortisol/testosterone ratio and sleep quality with coronary heart disease: A case-control study in Chinese rural population.
Title: The impact of sleep quality, fatigue and social well-being on depressive symptomatology in autistic older adolescents and young adults.
Title: Impacts of COVID-19 Pandemic on Sleep Quality Evaluated by Wrist Actigraphy: A Systematic Review.
Title: Beneficial Effects of an Online Mindfulness-Based Intervention on Sleep Quality in Italian Poor Sleepers during the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Randomized Trial.
Title: Sleep Quality and Cognitive Function after Stroke: The Mediating Roles of Depression and Anxiety Symptoms.
Title: Level of Physical Activity, Sleep Quality and Use of Personal Protective Equipment of Students at Wroclaw Medical University during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Academic Stress and Sleep Quality among Chinese Adolescents: Chain Mediating Effects of Anxiety and School Burnout.
Title: Determinants of Sleep Quality: A Cross-Sectional Study in University Students.
Title: The Social Side of Sleep: A Systematic Review of the Longitudinal Associations between Peer Relationships and Sleep Quality.
Title: Improvement of Sexual Function and Sleep Quality in Patients with Atopic Dermatitis Treated with Dupilumab: A Single-Centre Prospective Observational Study.
Title: Physical Activity and Sleep Quality Association in Different Populations: A Meta-Analysis.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality in Aging: The Association with Mental Health.
Title: Effects of Nonpharmacological Interventions on Sleep Quality and Insomnia in Perimenopausal and Postmenopausal Women: A Meta-Analysis.
Title: Impact of antiallergy agents on CPAP therapy and sleep quality with spring pollinosis in Japanese.
Title: Effects of multi-gravitational suspension-based therapy on posture, physical fitness, quality of life, depression, and sleep quality in women without regular exercise habits.
Title: Effect of Acupoint Therapies on Postoperative Sleep Quality: A Narrative Review.
Title: Using wearable technology (closed loop acoustic stimulation) to improve sleep quality and work outcomes.
Title: Habitual night sleep duration is associated with general obesity and visceral obesity among Chinese women, independent of sleep quality.
Title: Lifestyle Elements for Improving Mental and Physical Health in Japanese University Students: Subjective Sleep Quality is a Common Key Factor.
Title: Sleep quality, antepartum depression and self-harm thoughts in pregnant Chinese women.
Title: Association of dietary fiber with subjective sleep quality in hemodialysis patients: a cross-sectional study in China.
Title: The effect of oral capsule of Ocimum basilicum leaf extract on sleep quality and insomnia severity in menopausal women: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: Sleep - the guarantee of health! Does the environmental perception characteristics of urban residential areas affect residents' sleep quality?
Title: Poor sleep quality, impaired cardiac autonomic control, and metabolic syndrome: a tricky relationship?
Title: Relationship between antenatal sleep quality and depression in perinatal women: A comprehensive meta-analysis of observational studies.
Title: Effectiveness of aromatherapy on anxiety and sleep quality among adult patients admitted into intensive care units: A systematic review.
Title: Impact of rumination on sleep quality among patients with non‑alcoholic fatty liver disease: a moderated mediation model of anxiety symptoms and resilience.
Title: Associations between residential environmental health and sleep quality: Potential mechanisms.
Title: Relationships Between Remote Learning Modalities and Nursing Students' Perceptions of Their Sleep Quality During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: The Effects of Self-Acupressure on Pain, Fatigue, and Sleep Quality in Colon and Pancreatic Cancer Patients Receiving Chemotherapy: A Randomized Controlled Study.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality and Its Relationship With Pain, Mood, and Physical Function After Orthopaedic Trauma Surgery: A Prospective Cohort Study.
Title: Analysis of Sleep Quality in People With Dementia: A Preliminary Study.
Title: Migraine and sleep quality: does the association change in midlife women?
Title: Mental Health and Sleep Quality of Healthcare Providers After Partial Relief of COVID-19 in Saudi Arabia: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Do food and sleep quality interfere with Parkinson's disease?
Title: Subjective sleep quality and fatigue assessment in Polish adult patients with primary immunodeficiencies: A pilot study.
Title: Association between indoor noise level at night and objective/subjective sleep quality in the older population: a cross-sectional study of the HEIJO-KYO cohort.
Title: Sleep quality and burnout: A Singapore study.
Title: Personalized transcranial alternating current stimulation improves sleep quality: Initial findings.
Title: Sleep quality and sleep patterns among recovered individuals during post-COVID-19 among Jordanian: A cross-sectional national study.
Title: The association between smartphone use and sleep quality, psychological distress, and loneliness among health care students and workers in Saudi Arabia.
Title: Adverse Childhood Experiences and Poor Sleep Quality in Older Adults: The Influence of Emotion Regulation.
Title: The association between sleep quality and telomere length: A systematic literature review.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among pregnant women attending antenatal care unit at Gondar, Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality was associated with adverse reactions after coronavirus disease 2019 vaccination among healthcare workers: A longitudinal paired study.
Title: Associations of smartphone addiction, chronotype, sleep quality, and risk of eating disorders among university students: A cross-sectional study from Sharjah/United Arab Emirates.
Title: Sleep quality and its associated factors among patients with tuberculosis: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Nutritional Status Is Associated with Health-Related Quality of Life, Physical Activity, and Sleep Quality: A Cross-Sectional Study in an Elderly Greek Population.
Title: The Influence of Nutritional Status and Sleep Quality on Gustatory Function in Older Adults.
Title: Resilience, Stress, Well-Being, and Sleep Quality in Multiple Sclerosis.
Title: Associations between the Timing and Nutritional Characteristics of Bedtime Meals and Sleep Quality for Nurses after a Rotating Night Shift: A Cross-Sectional Analysis.
Title: Sedentary behaviour and sleep quality.
Title: Subjective and objective sleep quality does not predict behavioural episodic foresight in younger or older adults.
Title: The role of anxiety and depressive symptoms in mediating the relationship between subjective sleep quality and cognitive function among older adults in China.
Title: Effects of Yijinjing Qigongin Alleviating Fatigue, Sleep Quality, and Health Status on Patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome: A Randomized, Controlled, and Parallel Group Clinical Study.
Title: Stellate Ganglion Block Improves Postoperative Sleep Quality and Analgesia in Patients with Breast Cancer: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Comparison of the effectiveness of two educational interventions on sleep quality in older adults: a randomized clinical trial.
Title: [Ultrasound-guided stellate ganglion block improves sleep quality in elderly patients early after thoracoscopic surgery for lung cancer: a randomized controlled study].
Title: Sleep quality, circadian preferences, and mood among patients with acne vulgaris: a case-control study.
Title: Coping and sleep quality in youth: An Experience Sampling study.
Title: Improvement of sleep quality in isolated metastatic patients with spinal cord compression after surgery.
Title: Comparison of the effect of modified intermittent fasting and daily calorie restriction on sleep quality, anthropometric data, and body composition in women with obesity or overweight: study protocol of a randomized controlled trial.
Title: [Association of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons exposure with sleep quality among coking plant workers].
Title: Poor sleep quality in children with atopic dermatitis and its effects on behavior: A multicenter cross-sectional study from a low-middle-income country.
Title: Predictors of sleep quality for autistic people across adulthood.
Title: Cannabis use and sleep quality in daily life: An electronic daily diary study of adults starting cannabis for health concerns.
Title: Enhanced mindfulness-based stress reduction in episodic migraine-effects on sleep quality, anxiety, stress, and depression: a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial: Erratum.
Title: Prevalence and risk factors of poor subjective sleep quality in elite judo athletes.
Title: The relationship between fatigue, sleep quality, resilience, and the risk of postpartum depression: an emphasis on maternal mental health.
Title: Sleep quality and its associations with disease activity and quality of life in older patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Title: Investigation of the Sleep Quality Among Hospitalized Cardiovascular Patients Using Regression Models and Qualitative Comparative Analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Duration as Determinants of Healthy Aging Trajectories: The HELIAD Study.
Title: Sleep quality and depression in patients with ankylosing spondylitis and their associations with clinical parameters: A cross-sectional, case-control study.
Title: Associated factors with depression and sleep quality in T1DM patients: a cross-sectional descriptive study.
Title: Associations of depressive and anxiety symptoms with non-suicidal self-injury and suicidal attempt among Chinese adolescents: The mediation role of sleep quality.
Title: Effect of magnesium supplementation in improving hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, and sleep quality in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial.
Title: Sociodemographic, occupational, and personal factors associated with sleep quality among Chinese medical staff: A web-based cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality, daytime sleepiness, and insomnia in patient with epilepsy: 
Title: Sleep Quality Evaluation Based on Single-Lead Wearable Cardiac Cycle Acquisition Device.
Title: Evaluation of Age Based-Sleep Quality and Fitness in Adolescent Female Handball Players.
Title: Association between Family Support, Stress, and Sleep Quality among College Students during the COVID-19 Online Learning Period.
Title: Association between Chronotype and Sleep Quality among Chinese College Students: The Role of Bedtime Procrastination and Sleep Hygiene Awareness.
Title: Investigation of Psychological Stress and Sleep Quality of Emergency Medical Technicians in Taiwan Fire Department during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Bedtime and the Budget: Longitudinal, Actor-Partner Connections between Sleep Quality and Financial Management Behaviors in Newlywed Couples.
Title: The Mediating Role of Sleep Quality in the Relationship between Negative Emotional States and Health-Related Quality of Life among Italian Medical Students.
Title: Factorial Structure and Psychometric Properties of the Spanish Version of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index in Non-Professional Caregivers.
Title: Factors Associated with Mental Health among Malaysian University Music Students: Roles of Fear of COVID-19, Nomophobia, Loneliness, Sleep Quality, and Socioeconomic Status.
Title: Sleep quality among undergraduate medical students in Rwanda: a comparative study.
Title: The effect of preoperative sleep quality on the target plasma concentration of propofol and postoperative sleep in patients undergoing painless gastroscopy.
Title: Association between self-reported food intake and subjective sleep quality among truck drivers in a city in Southern Brazil.
Title: Physical activity, sleep quality and life satisfaction in adolescents: A cross-sectional survey study.
Title: Possible mechanism behind the association between disrupted sleep quality and breast cancer outcome.
Title: Ambient Air Pollution Exposure and Sleep Quality in COPD.
Title: Impact of quarantine on sleep quality and psychological status in COVID-19 suspected cases in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Title: Dimensions of sleep characteristics and predictors of sleep quality among heart failure patients: A STROBE compliant cross-sectional study in Jordan.
Title: Factors that protect against poor sleep quality in an adult lifespan sample of non-Hispanic Black and non-Hispanic White adults during COVID-19: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Association between the Pittsburgh sleep quality index and white matter integrity in healthy adults: a whole-brain magnetic resonance imaging study.
Title: Exploring cognitive and biological correlates of sleep quality and their potential links with Alzheimer's disease (ALFASleep project): protocol for an observational study.
Title: Effects of Tegoprazan Versus Esomeprazole on Nighttime Heartburn and Sleep Quality in Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease: A Multicenter Double-blind Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep quality moderates the association between family bereavement and heart rate variability.
Title: Sleep quality and the evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic in five European countries.
Title: Effects of a one-week vacation with various activity programs on well-being, heart rate variability, and sleep quality in healthy vacationers-an open comparative study.
Title: Which symptoms are the psychopathological core affecting the manifestation of pseudo-cardiac symptoms and poor sleep quality in young adults? Symptoms of personality disorders versus clinical disorders.
Title: Effect of manual physical therapy on sleep quality and jaw mobility in patients with bruxism: A biopsychosocial randomized controlled trial.
Title: Validation of the Sleep Quality Questionnaire among senior students in Benin City, Nigeria.
Title: Factors associated with poor sleep quality in midlife Singaporean women: The Integrated Women's Health program (IWHP).
Title: Impact of smoking intensities on sleep quality in young Saudi males: a comparative study.
Title: A short-term follow-up study on the relationship between early adolescent proactive/reactive aggression and sleep quality.
Title: Interaction between ultra-processed food intake and genetic risk score on mental health and sleep quality.
Title: Investigation of musculoskeletal disorders, physical activity level, sleep quality, and fatigue in health professionals with and without a history of COVID-19.
Title: Sleep Quality and Self-Reported Symptoms of Anxiety and Depression Are Associated with Physical Activity in Patients with Severe COPD.
Title: Effects of Cardiac Rehabilitation on Sleep Quality in Heart Disease Patients with and without Heart Failure.
Title: Research on the Impact of Regular Exercise Behavior of College Students on Academic Stress and Sleep Quality during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality and influencing factors and correlation with T-lymphocyte subpopulation counts in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Interaction between sleep quality and dietary inflammation on frailty: NHANES 2005-2008.
Title: Dose-response analysis of smartphone usage and self-reported sleep quality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.
Title: [Influence of sleep quality on symptoms in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: the mediating role of working memory].
Title: Sleep quality among inpatients of Spanish public hospitals.
Title: [Longitudinal correlation between cell phone use and sleep quality in college students].
Title: Factors associated with sleep quality among nurse managers during regular prevention and control of the COVID-19 in China: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effect of subjective sleep quality on aggression: A two-year longitudinal and fMRI pilot study.
Title: Digital technology and its impacts on the sleep quality and academic performance during the pandemic.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality in Patients With Genital and Non-Genital Cutaneous Warts: a Prospective Controlled Study.
Title: Moderating effects of PER3 gene DNA methylation on the association of sleep quality with mental health in Chinese young adults.
Title: Adverse childhood experiences and Chinese young adults' sleep quality: Moderation of resting respiratory sinus arrhythmia.
Title: The effect of web-based Hatha yoga on psychological distress and sleep quality in older adults: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effect of acupressure application on patients' nausea, vomiting, pain, and sleep quality after laparoscopic cholecystectomy: A randomized placebo-controlled study.
Title: Association of low back pain and sleep quality with presenteeism.
Title: Association of lower extremity lymphedema with pelvic floor functions, sleep quality, kinesiophobia, body image in patients with gynecological cancers.
Title: Effect of COVID-19 Pandemic on Sleep Quality and Mental State of Frontline Pulmonologists.
Title: Left-Behind Experience and Behavior Problems Among Adolescents: Multiple Mediating Effects of Social Support and Sleep Quality.
Title: Analysis of preoperative sleep quality and related influencing factors in cancer patients.
Title: [The study of relationship between occupational stress and sleep quality of video display terminals].
Title: An examination of the reciprocal associations between physical activity and anxiety, depressive symptoms, and sleep quality during the first 9 weeks of the COVID-19 pandemic in Belgium.
Title: Effects of aerobics training on anxiety, depression and sleep quality in perimenopausal women.
Title: Impact of ground-level ozone exposure on sleep quality and electroencephalogram patterns at different time scales.
Title: Age-Based Differences in Sleep Quality, Pre-Sleep Arousal, and Psychosocial Factors during the Second Wave Lockdown of the COVID-19 Pandemic in Georgia-A Higher Vulnerability of Younger People.
Title: The Effect of Autogenic Training in a Form of Audio Recording on Sleep Quality and Physiological Stress Reactions of University Athletes-Pilot Study.
Title: Gradual Strength Training Improves Sleep Quality, Physical Function and Pain in Women with Fibromyalgia.
Title: Urinary Incontinence and Sleep Quality in Older Women with Type 2 Diabetes: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of Multi-Component Exercise on Sleep Quality in Middle-Aged Adults.
Title: The Relationship between Physical Activity, Sleep Quality, and Stress: A Study of Teachers during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Cardiovascular disease risk factors in autistic adults: The impact of sleep quality and antipsychotic medication use.
Title: Sleep Quality and Comfort Reported by Sleep Bruxism Individuals Wearing the Occlusal Splint and Mandibular Advancement Splint: Revisiting Two Crossover Studies.
Title: Sleep quality among different classes of heart failure patients in Jordan: A STROBE compliant cross-sectional study.
Title: Evaluation of chronotype and sleep quality in infertile population and comparison with fertile population: a cross-sectional study.
Title: A moderated serial mediation analysis of the association between HIV stigma and sleep quality in people living with HIV: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Digital cognitive behavior therapy for insomnia improving sleep quality: a real-world study.
Title: Self-reported sleep quality and oligo/astheno/teratozoospermia among men attending an infertility clinic: a longitudinal study.
Title: Determinants of poor sleep quality in adults during the coronavirus disease pandemic: COVID-Inconfidentes, a population-based study.
Title: The association between loneliness and sleep quality among older adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Restless legs syndrome in patients with psoriasis: association with inflammation and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality, physical activity, screen time, and substance use in children with obesity: associations with obstructive sleep apnea.
Title: The relationship between the emergency nurses' sleep quality and the sleep quality of their spouses: A cross-sectional descriptive-analytical study.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Hypertension in Chinese Adults: A Cross-Sectional Analysis in the Tianning Cohort.
Title: Adjuvant aromatase inhibitor treatment worsens depressive symptoms and sleep quality in postmenopausal women with localized breast cancer: A one-year follow-up study.
Title: Sleep Quality Before and After Bariatric Surgery.
Title: Sleep quality among workers in the health sector exposed to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Association between sleep quality and type of shift work in Korean firefighters.
Title: Protocol for single case experimental design for yoga and sleep quality and inflammation: A two-hit model of sleep intervention.
Title: Deep sleep and beeps II: Sleep quality improvement project in general surgery patients.
Title: Comment on "Obesity effects on sleep quality with anthropometric and metabolic changes".
Title: Acupunch Exercise Improved Muscle Mass, Hand Grip Strength, and Sleep Quality of Institutional Older Adults with Probable Sarcopenia.
Title: Effect of Complete Decongestive Therapy on Lymphoedema, Sleep Quality and Quality of Life in Metastatic Breast Cancer Patient - A Case Study.
Title: Association Between Role Overload and Sleep Quality Among Chinese First-Line Nurses During the COVID-19 Outbreak: The Moderating Effect of Mindfulness.
Title: Relationship Between Childbirth Experience and Sexual Function and Sleep Quality in Iranian Postpartum Women: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Auricular acupuncture for sleep quality in participants with mental and behavioral disorders due to prior multiple drug use: a retrospective consecutive case series.
Title: The effects of nursing care based on Levine's Conservation Model on fatigue, depression, perceived social support, and sleep quality in infertile women: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Effect of cognitive-behavioral training on fear of childbirth and sleep quality of pregnant adolescent slum dwellers.
Title: Experimental study of the negative effects of raised bedroom temperature and reduced ventilation on the sleep quality of elderly subjects.
Title: Fatigue, sleep quality and mental health symptoms in Brazilian women during the COVID-19 pandemic: longitudinal study.
Title: Impact of Long-Term Evoked Compound Action Potential Controlled Closed-Loop Spinal Cord Stimulation on Sleep Quality in Patients With Chronic Pain: An EVOKE Randomized Controlled Trial Study Subanalysis.
Title: Judgement of sleep quality of the previous night changes as the day unfolds: A prospective experience sampling study.
Title: Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and agomelatine on sleep quality and biomarkers of adult patients with mild to moderate depressive disorder.
Title: Sleep quality and circadian rhythm profile of persons with juvenile myoclonic epilepsy in a tertiary epilepsy center: A case-control study.
Title: Post-stroke depression in Vietnamese patients is associated with decreased sleep quality and increased fatigue: a one-institution cross-sectional analysis.
Title: Sleep quality, sleep apnea, and metabolic health in children treated with adenotonsillectomy.
Title: Associations among sleep-disordered breathing, sleep quality, and lung cancer in Korean patients.
Title: A Combination of Rosa Multiflora and Zizyphus Jujuba Enhance Sleep Quality in Anesthesia-Induced Mice.
Title: Effectiveness of Multidomain Dormitory Environment and Roommate Intervention for Improving Sleep Quality of Medical College Students: A Cluster Randomised Controlled Trial in China.
Title: Parents' Experiences of Direct and Indirect Implications of Sleep Quality on the Health of Children with ADHD: A Qualitative Study.
Title: Anxiety and sleep quality among front-line nurses treating first wave COVID-19 in China: The mediating role of mindfulness.
Title: Persistent Sleep Quality Deterioration among Post-COVID-19 Patients: Results from a 6-Month Follow-Up Study.
Title: The Effect of COVID-19 on Sleep Quality and Mental Health: Adolescents Are More at Risk Than the Elderly.
Title: Factors Influencing Sleep Quality in Open-Heart Patients in the Postoperative Intensive Care Unit.
Title: How Sleep Quality Relates to Bodily and Oral Symptoms: An Analysis from Japanese National Statistics.
Title: The Role of Sleep Quality and Physical Activity Level on Gait Speed and Brain Hemodynamics Changes in Young Adults-A Dual-Task Study.
Title: Greater variability in daily sleep efficiency predicts depression and anxiety in young adults: Estimation of depression severity using the two-week sleep quality records of wearable devices.
Title: Lifestyle factors associated with poor sleep quality among undergraduate dental students at a Malaysian private university.
Title: Worse sleep quality predicts early drop out from physical exercise programs.
Title: COVID-19 pandemic decreased sleep quality of medical students.
Title: Food insecurity is associated with the sleep quality and quantity in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Poor sleep quality in early pregnancy increases the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus: a propensity score matching analysis.
Title: Use of remote monitoring and integrated platform for the evaluation of sleep quality in adult-onset idiopathic cervical dystonia.
Title: Preterm toddlers have low nighttime sleep quality and high daytime activity.
Title: Low sleep quality and morningness-eveningness scale score may impair ball placement but not kicking velocity in youth academy soccer players.
Title: Light Therapy to Improve Sleep Quality in Older Adults Living in Residential Long-Term Care: A Systematic Review.
Title: A Delayed Evening Meal Enhances Sleep Quality in Young Rugby Players.
Title: Sleep Quality, Sleep-Related Experiences, and Dissociation in Adult Survivors of Childhood Trauma.
Title: ¬Transcranial direct current stimulation improves sleep quality in patients with insomnia after traumatic brain injury.
Title: Association between circadian rhythm and sleep quality among nursing interns: A latent profile and moderation analysis.
Title: Systematic review and meta-analysis of sleep quality in inactive inflammatory bowel disease.
Title: "Leave your smartphone out of bed": quantitative analysis of smartphone use effect on sleep quality.
Title: Effect of exercise interventions for sleep quality in patients with chronic kidney disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Associations between sleep quality and biomarkers for neurodegeneration - A longitudinal one-year case-control study of patients with bipolar disorder and healthy control individuals.
Title: Effect of comprehensive nursing intervention on perioperative anxiety and sleep quality in elderly patients with digestive tract malignancies.
Title: Comparison of programmed intermittent epidural bolus injection and continuous epidural injection in controlling nighttime pain and improving sleep quality after thoracotomy.
Title: Association between poor sleep quality and an increased risk of dry eye disease in patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Determinants Among Type 2 Diabetes Patients with Comorbid Metabolic Syndrome.
Title: Working hours impact on the sleep quality and oral health status among migrant construction workers in Chennai.
Title: Association of perceptions of artificial light-at-night, light-emitting device usage and environmental noise appraisal with psychological distress, sleep quality and chronotype: A cross sectional study.
Title: Prevalence and correlates of sleep quality in the Chinese college students with migraine: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations of poor sleep quality, chronic pain and depressive symptoms with frailty in older patients: is there a sex difference?
Title: Correlation between burden and sleep quality in informal caregivers of infants with orofacial cleft.
Title: Association between older subjective age and poor sleep quality: a population-based study.
Title: Longitudinal and prospective assessment of prenatal maternal sleep quality and associations with newborn hippocampal and amygdala volume.
Title: Feasibility, appropriateness, and acceptability of a mobile mindfulness meditation intervention to improve sleep quality among a racially/ethnically diverse population.
Title: The association between serum orexin-A levels and sleep quality in pregnant women.
Title: Addictive smartphone use in the elderly: relationship with depression, anxiety and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep Quality among the Elderly in 21st Century Shandong Province, China: A Ten-Year Comparative Study.
Title: Comparison of the Associations between Self-Reported Sleep Quality and Sleep Duration Concerning the Risk of Depression: A Nationwide Population-Based Study in Indonesia.
Title: Which Shiftwork Pattern Is the Strongest Predictor for Poor Sleep Quality in Nurses?
Title: Musculoskeletal Pain in Undergraduate Students Is Significantly Associated with Psychological Distress and Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: The Effect of a Sleep Intervention on Sleep Quality in Nursing Students: Study Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Acute Exposure to Simulated Nocturnal Train Noise Leads to Impaired Sleep Quality and Endothelial Dysfunction in Young Healthy Men and Women: A Sex-Specific Analysis.
Title: Exercise Training Program Improves Subjective Sleep Quality and Physical Fitness in Severely Obese Bad Sleepers.
Title: Links between Daytime Napping, Night-Time Sleep Quality and Infant Attention: An Eye-Tracking, Actigraphy and Parent-Report Study.
Title: Effect of short-term magnesium supplementation on anxiety, depression and sleep quality in patients after open-heart surgery.
Title: Association of sleep quality with lower urinary tract symptoms/benign prostatic hyperplasia among men in China: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Perspectives on interpersonal touch are related to subjective sleep quality.
Title: Can air purification improve sleep quality? A 2-week randomised-controlled crossover pilot study in healthy adults.
Title: Effects of Yoga on Psychological Health and Sleep Quality of Patients With Acute Insomnia: A Preliminary Study.
Title: The effect of mindfulness training on stress and sleep quality of postmenopausal women: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The effect of exercise on academic fatigue and sleep quality among university students.
Title: Self-reported sleep quality and mental health mediate the relationship between chronic diseases and suicidal ideation among Chinese medical students.
Title: Sleep quality of patients with papillary thyroid carcinoma: a prospective longitudinal study with 5-year follow-up.
Title: Effects of forest bathing (shinrin-yoku) on serotonin in serum, depressive symptoms and subjective sleep quality in middle-aged males.
Title: Prevalence and predisposing factors of smartphone addiction, sleep quality and daytime sleepiness of nursing students: A cross-sectional design.
Title: Effect of Auricular Acupoint Bloodletting plus Auricular Acupressure on Sleep Quality and Neuroendocrine Level in College Students with Primary Insomnia: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Mental health symptoms and sleep quality of asymptomatic/mild SARS-CoV-2 infected individuals during the Omicron wave of the COVID-19 pandemic in Shanghai China.
Title: Correlation between PTSD and sleep quality in community-dwelling elderly adults in Hunan province of China.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality and Daytime Fatigue Are Associated With Subjective but Not Objective Cognitive Functioning in Clinically Relevant Hoarding.
Title: COVID-19-Related News Consumption Linked with Stress and Worry, but Not Sleep Quality, Early in the Pandemic.
Title: An Evidence-Based Nursing Intervention Decreases Anxiety, Depression, Sleep Quality and Somatic Symptoms of Patients with Acute Ischemic Stroke.
Title: Associations of alkaline water with metabolic risks, sleep quality, muscle strength: A cross-sectional study among postmenopausal women.
Title: Effect of the Length of the Microcycle on the Daily External Load, Fatigue, Sleep Quality, Stress, and Muscle Soreness of Professional Soccer Players: A Full-Season Study.
Title: Sleep quality status, anxiety, and depression status of nurses in infectious disease department.
Title: Sleep quality and creativity in Chinese college student during the COVID-19 pandemic: The mediating role of executive function.
Title: Do depression, anxiety, emotional intelligence, and sleep quality affect diabetes management self-efficacy in Korean women with gestational diabetes in pregnancy?: a descriptive correlational study.
Title: Effectiveness of Tai Chi on Blood Pressure, Stress, Fatigue, and Sleep Quality among Chinese Women with Episodic Migraine: A Randomised Controlled Trial.
Title: Covid-19-Stress Associated With Worse Sleep Quality, Particularly With Increasing Age.
Title: The Effectiveness of a Multi-Sensory Sleep-Promotion Program on Sleep Quality among Hospitalized Older Adults of Thailand: A Quasi-Experimental Study.
Title: Psychological resilience mediates the association of the middle frontal gyrus functional connectivity with sleep quality.
Title: Relationship satisfaction moderates links between poor sleep quality and psychological distress among couples coping with type 1 diabetes.
Title: How emotions induced by reading influence sleep quality in young and older adults.
Title: Effects of Aerobic Exercise on Sleep Quality and Mental Health of College Students.
Title: The effects of dexmedetomidine for patient-controlled analgesia on postoperative sleep quality and gastrointestinal motility function after surgery: A prospective, randomized, double-blind, and controlled trial.
Title: Relationships between screen viewing and sleep quality for infants and toddlers in China: A cross-sectional study.
Title: The Effect of Physical Activity on Sleep Quality among Older Stroke Survivors: Secondary Analysis from a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The Impact of Sleep Quality on Mood Status and Quality of Life in Patients with Alopecia Areata: A Comparative Study.
Title: The Effect of Learning Burnout on Sleep Quality in Primary School Students: The Mediating Role of Mental Health.
Title: Psychophysical Risk Perceptions and Sleep Quality of Medical Assistance Team Members in Square Cabin Hospitals: A Repeated Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Association between Sleep Quality and Physical Activity in Physical Education Students in Chile in the Pandemic Context: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Co-Rooming Accounts for Socioeconomic Disparities in Infant Sleep Quality among Families Living in Urban Environments.
Title: Sleep Quality Mediates the Effect of Sensitization-Associated Symptoms, Anxiety, and Depression on Quality of Life in Individuals with Post-COVID-19 Pain.
Title: Effect of Confinement on Anxiety Symptoms and Sleep Quality during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Perceived social support and sleep quality in patients with arteriosclerotic obliterans: The mediating roles of psychological flexibility.
Title: Metabolic risk factors and psychosocial problems independently explain poor sleep quality and obstructive sleep apnea symptoms among adults in urban India.
Title: Short total sleep duration and poor sleep quality might be associated with asthenozoospermia risk: A case-control study.
Title: Effectiveness of Tai Chi Exercise Program on Sleep, Quality of Life, and Physical Performance in Postmenopausal Working Women.
Title: Independent and joint effects of sleep duration and sleep quality on suboptimal self-rated health in medical students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations between altered functional connectivity of attentional networks and sleep quality among firefighters.
Title: Association of sleep quality with myopia based on different genetic risk levels.
Title: Effect of physical exercise on sleep quality of college students: Chain intermediary effect of mindfulness and ruminative thinking.
Title: The Relationship between Mobile Phone Anxiety and Sleep Quality Occupational Therapy in Adolescents and Its Internal Mechanism.
Title: Use of digital screens by adolescents and association on sleep quality: a systematic review.
Title: Analysing the role of sleep quality, functional limitation and depressive symptoms in determining life satisfaction among the older Population in India: a moderated mediation approach.
Title: Nocturia severely impairs the sleep quality of nursing home residents: results from a multi-center study.
Title: Mindfulness-based stress reduction with acupressure for sleep quality in breast cancer patients with insomnia undergoing chemotherapy: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: A preliminary study on the association between social media at night and sleep quality: The relevance of FOMO, cognitive pre-sleep arousal, and maladaptive cognitive emotion regulation.
Title: The relationship between shoulder pain and shoulder disability in women: The mediating role of sleep quality and psychological disorders.
Title: Study on the sleep quality of women pregnant with a second child and the influencing factors.
Title: Rapid Improvement in Neck Disability, Mobility, and Sleep Quality with Chronic Neck Pain Treated by Fu's Subcutaneous Needling: A Randomized Control Study.
Title: Effect of Docosahexaenoic Acid and Eicosapentaenoic Acid Supplementation on Sleep Quality in Healthy Subjects: A Randomized, Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Trial.
Title: Demoralization and Its Association with Quality of Life, Sleep Quality, Spiritual Interests, and Suicide Risk in Breast Cancer Inpatients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Effect of Chronic Disease and Mental Health on Sleep Quality among Migrant Elderly Following Children in Weifang City, China.
Title: Exercise Interventions Improved Sleep Quality through Regulating Intestinal Microbiota Composition.
Title: Long-Term Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic in Sleep Quality and Lifestyle in Young Adults.
Title: Effect of COVID-19 Pandemic on Dietary Habits and Sleep Quality Applying the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index in Adult Saudi Population: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of odors on sleep quality in 139 healthy participants.
Title: Changes in sleep quality and housing status among individuals incarcerated in jail.
Title: The impact of socioeconomic status and sleep quality on the prevalence of multimorbidity in older adults.
Title: Current Perspectives on the Impact of Chronic Migraine on Sleep Quality: A Literature Review.
Title: Variation in Gut Microbiota Composition is Associated with Sleep Quality and Cognitive Performance in Older Adults with Insomnia.
Title: Nonsuicidal self-injury, sleep quality, and shame response to a laboratory stress task.
Title: Evaluation of long-term psychopathology and sleep quality in children and adolescents who presented to a university pandemic clinic with possible COVID-19 symptoms.
Title: Exposure to fine particulate matter constituents and cognitive function performance, potential mediation by sleep quality: A multicenter study among Chinese adults aged 40-89 years.
Title: Association of hormone therapy and changes of objective sleep quality in women of late menopausal transition with sleep disorder: a preliminary study.
Title: [Analysis of Sleep Quality, Mood Alterations and modifications of some Habits/Behavior during two different Periods of the COVID-19 Pandemic in Argentina].
Title: [Adolescents' sleep quality in the context of Internet use].
Title: Strengths of associations between depressive symptoms and loneliness, perfectionistic concerns, risky alcohol use and physical activity across levels of sleep quality in Swedish university students: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Time spent in physical activity, sedentary behavior, and sleep: Associations with self-rated sleep quality in middle-aged and older adults.
Title: Development and validation of mathematical nomogram for predicting the risk of poor sleep quality among medical students.
Title: Quantitative study of the effects of early standardized ambulation on sleep quality in patients after hepatectomy.
Title: Low mental health literacy and its association with depression, anxiety and poor sleep quality in Chinese elderly.
Title: Influence of Brain Gym Activities on Sleep Quality in Moderate Insomnia.
Title: Evaluation of sleep quality and duration using wearable sensors in shift laborers of construction industry: A public health perspective.
Title: Quality of life, mood and sleep quality in patients with primary hyperparathyroidism. Impact of socio-personal and clinical profile.
Title: Smartphone Usage and Sleep Quality in Korean Middle School Students During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Associations between sedentary behavior and negative emotions in adolescents during home confinement: Mediating role of social support and sleep quality.
Title: Risk factors for the prevalence of poor sleep quality in lecturers during COVID-19 pandemic in Ethiopia: an institution-based cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality and quantity determined by polysomnography in mechanically ventilated critically ill patients randomized to dexmedetomidine or placebo.
Title: Sleep quality in Behçet's disease: a systematic literature review.
Title: Relationship between musculoskeletal pain, sleep quality and migraine with level of physical activity in college students during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Comparing the effect of emotional freedom technique on sleep quality and happiness of women undergoing breast cancer surgery in military and nonmilitary families: A quasi-experimental multicenter study.
Title: Impact of COVID-19 anxiety on loneliness and sleep quality of students and professionals in Bangladesh.
Title: Do alexithymia and negative affect predict poor sleep quality? The moderating role of interoceptive sensibility.
Title: Assessing Sleep Quality in Older Adults: A Comparison of Three Measurement Approaches.
Title: Comparative Efficacy of Botulinum Toxin in Salivary Glands vs. Oromotor Therapy in the Management of Sialorrhea in Cerebral Palsy Impact on Sleep Quality.
Title: Effects of Melatonin Treatment on Perioperative Sleep Quality: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis with Trial Sequential Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.
Title: Association of Dietary Behaviors with Poor Sleep Quality and Increased Risk of Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Korean Military Service Members.
Title: Methodology Considerations in Studying Mental Health, Sleep Quality, and Biopsychosocial Determinants Among Chinese and Korean Americans During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Exploring the bidirectional relationships between night eating, loss of control eating, and sleep quality in Chinese adolescents: A four-wave cross-lagged study.
Title: Qigong for mental health and sleep quality in postmenopausal women: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Prevalence and associated factors of poor sleep quality among Chinese retirees: A multicenter cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep Quality and Fatigue in Construction Workers: Effect of a Cognitive Behavioral Intervention.
Title: UP165, A Standardized Corn Leaf Extract for Improving Sleep Quality and Mood State.
Title: Evaluation of Sleep Quality, Depression, and Quality of Life in Patients with Breast Cancer Related Lymphedema.
Title: Sleep disturbances, sleep quality, and cardiovascular risk factors in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Dietary Inflammatory Index and sleep quality and duration among pregnant women with overweight or obesity.
Title: Comparing the influence of foot reflexology and fasting mimicking diet on quality of life and sleep quality in obesity hypoventilation syndrome.
Title: The Impact of Morning Surgery or Afternoon Surgery on Postoperative Sleep Quality and Melatonin Levels of Elderly Patients: A Prospective, Randomized Study.
Title: Self-compassion, sleep quality and psychological well-being in type 2 diabetes: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Global psychological assessment with the evaluation of life and sleep quality and sexual and cognitive function in a large number of patients with acromegaly: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Associations Between Childhood Stressors, COVID-19-Related Anxiety, and Sleep Quality of Adults During the Third Wave of the COVID-19 Pandemic in Israel.
Title: The Role of Physical Activity on the Relationships Between Pain, Anxiety, and Sleep Quality in Older Age.
Title: The effect of continuous care model on sleep quality in postmenopausal women: a randomized clinical trial study.
Title: Effectiveness of a specific physical therapy program for Charcot-Marie-Tooth on sleep quality, pain perception, and nocturnal cramps: a pilot study.
Title: The relationship between parents' sleep quality and sleep hygiene and preschool children' sleep habits.
Title: Association of sleep-wake rhythm and sleep quality with endothelial function in young adults.
Title: Improved Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index scores on first postoperative night achieved by propofol anesthesia in patients undergoing ambulatory gynecologic surgery.
Title: Sleep Quality Among Adolescents and Its Relation to Inhalant, Khat, and Internet Use, and Physical Illness: A Community-Based Exploratory Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Combined Use of Sleep Quality and Duration Is More Closely Associated With Mortality Risk Among Older Adults: A Population-based Kyoto-Kameoka Prospective Cohort Study.
Title: Triglyceride-glucose index is associated with poor sleep quality in apparently healthy subjects: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Mechanisms Linking Attachment Orientation to Sleep Quality in Married Couples.
Title: Posttraumatic stress symptoms and substance use among college students: Exploring interactions with sleep quality and assigned sex.
Title: Associations of testosterone and cortisol concentrations with sleep quality in Japanese male workers.
Title: Changes in Quality of Sleep, Mood, and Other Neuropsychiatric Symptoms After Switching Dolutegravir/Lamivudine/Abacavir to Darunavir/Cobicistat/Emtricitabine/Tenofovir Alafenamide in a Randomized Study of People With Human Immunodeficiency Virus With Poor Sleep Quality: GESIDA 10418.
Title: Mandibular Advancement Device Therapy in Japanese Rugby Athletes with Poor Sleep Quality and Obstructive Sleep Apnea.
Title: The Impact of Non-Invasive Ventilation on Sleep Quality in COPD Patients.
Title: The Mediating Roles of Anxiety, Depression, Sleepiness, Insomnia, and Sleep Quality in the Association between Problematic Social Media Use and Quality of Life among Patients with Cancer.
Title: Effectiveness of Aromatherapy Yoga in Stress Reduction and Sleep Quality Improvement among Chinese Female College Students: A Quasi-Experimental Study.
Title: Association between Sleep Disorders and Sleep Quality in Patients with Temporomandibular Joint Osteoarthritis: A Systematic Review.
Title: Physical Exercise and Undergraduate Students' Subjective Well-Being: Mediating Roles of Basic Psychological Need Satisfaction and Sleep Quality.
Title: Cryotherapy on Subjective Sleep Quality, Muscle, and Inflammatory Response in Chinese Middle- and Long-Distance Runners After Muscle Damage.
Title: The role of pain intensity and depressive symptoms in the relationship between sleep quality and postural control among middle-aged and older adults with Fibromyalgia.
Title: Association of increased pain intensity, daytime sleepiness, poor sleep quality, and quality of life with mobile phone overuse in patients with migraine: A multicenter, cross-sectional comparative study.
Title: Association between sleep quality and urolithiasis among general population in Western China: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Association between quality of life, sleep quality and mental disorders in Iranian older adults.
Title: Not Just Time on Social Media: Experiences of Online Racial/Ethnic Discrimination and Worse Sleep Quality for Black, Latinx, Asian, and Multi-racial Young Adults.
Title: Adaptation and validation of the Chinese version of the Sleep Quality Questionnaire.
Title: Transvenous phrenic nerve stimulation to treat central sleep apnoea in patients with heart failure may improve sleep, quality of life, and symptoms.
Title: Bidirectional Links of Daily Sleep Quality and Duration With Pain and Self-rated Health in Older Adults' Daily Lives.
Title: Comparison the Effects of Gabapentin and Oxazepam on Sleep Quality, Anxiety, and Pain in Unstable Angina Patients Admitted to Coronary Care Unit of Hazrat Rasool Akram Hospital.
Title: Associations of cooking fuel types and daily cooking duration with sleep quality in rural adults: Effect modification of kitchen ventilation.
Title: Poor sleep quality is associated with fatigue and depression in early Parkinson's disease: A longitudinal study in the PALS cohort.
Title: Sleep patterns and predictors of poor sleep quality among Saudi commission residents in the Aseer region, Saudi Arabia before and during covid-19 pandemic.
Title: Association of sleep duration and sleep quality with body mass index among young adults.
Title: Poor sleep quality and associated factors among people attending anti-retroviral treatment clinic at Finote selam general hospital, Amhara, Ethiopia.
Title: The association between cotinine-measured smoking intensity and sleep quality.
Title: Effect of low-dose dexmedetomidine on sleep quality in postoperative patients with mechanical ventilation in the intensive care unit: A pilot randomized trial.
Title: How and when perceived COVID-19 crisis strength impacts individuals' life satisfaction and sleep quality: A moderated mediation model.
Title: Improvement of sleep quality in schoolchildren after cognitive-behavioral therapy.
Title: Chronotype and poor sleep quality in young adults - a pilot study on the role of rumination.
Title: The increased prevalence of depression and anxiety in T2DM patients associated with blood glucose fluctuation and sleep quality.
Title: Depression, anxiety, and sleep quality in childhood onset systemic lupus erythematosus and relationship with brain-derived neurotrophic factor.
Title: Longitudinal associations between sleep quality and menopausal symptoms among community-dwelling climacteric women: A multi-centered study.
Title: Good perceived sleep quality protects against the raised risk of respiratory infection during sleep restriction in young adults.
Title: The Influence of Stress in Modulating the Relationship between Coronavirus Disease-2019 Disease and Sleep Quality.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and depression: Critical roles of reflective and brooding rumination and sleep-related cognition.
Title: Association of sleep quality with temperament among one-month-old infants in The Japan Environment and Children's Study.
Title: Sleep quality traits correlate with inflammatory markers in the breast tissue of women.
Title: [Rotator cuff injuries with nighttime pain and sleep quality before and after treatment].
Title: Association of sleep quality and nap duration with cognitive frailty among older adults living in nursing homes.
Title: Association between sleep quality, migraine and migraine burden.
Title: Associations of chronic diarrheal symptoms and inflammatory bowel disease with sleep quality: A secondary analysis of NHANES 2005-2010.
Title: Weekly telephone mood monitoring is associated with decreased suicidality and improved sleep quality in a clinical sample.
Title: The effects of morning/afternoon surgeries on the early postoperative sleep quality of patients undergoing general anesthesia.
Title: Comparative efficacy of exercise regimens on sleep quality in older adults: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: The importance of sleep quality, quantity, and chronotype in the management of diabetes: Is it time to wake up?
Title: Clinical Analysis on the Effects of Tandospirone Citrate Assisted by Drawing Therapy on Medication Compliance and Sleep Quality in Patients with Anxiety Disorders.
Title: Comparison of factor structures of the Pittsburgh sleep quality index between mid- and late pregnancy among Korean women: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Physical inactivity amplifies the negative association between sleep quality and depressive symptoms.
Title: Good night-good day? Bidirectional links of daily sleep quality with negative affect and stress reactivity in old age.
Title: Incomplete off-duty work hours and sleep quality among firefighters: a cross-sectional study, Taiwan.
Title: Urine metabolomics analysis of sleep quality in deep-underground miners: A pilot study.
Title: Loneliness, perceived isolation and sleep quality in later life. Longitudinal evidence from a population-based German study.
Title: Objective Sleep Quality and the Underlying Functional Neural Correlates Among Older Adults with Possible Mild Cognitive Impairment.
Title: Association between sleep duration and sleep quality with arterial stiffness: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association between parental control and depressive symptoms among college freshmen in China: The chain mediating role of chronotype and sleep quality.
Title: Sex differences in sleep quality and psychological distress: Insights from a middle-aged twin sample from Spain.
Title: Chronotype and Sleep Quality in Obesity: How Do They Change After Menopause?
Title: Neuropsychiatric symptoms and altered sleep quality in cerebral small vessel disease.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among nurses working at comprehensive specialized hospitals in Northwest, Ethiopia.
Title: Association of social support with negative emotions among Chinese adolescents during Omicron-related lockdown of Shenzhen City: The roles of rumination and sleep quality.
Title: The Insulating Function of Sleep for Well-being: Daily Sleep Quality Attenuates the Link Between Current Affect and Global Life Satisfaction.
Title: The effect of neuropathic pain on quality of life, depression levels, and sleep quality in patients with combat-related extremity injuries.
Title: Direct and Indirect Exposure to Trauma, Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Symptoms, and Poor Subjective Sleep Quality in Patients with Substance Use Disorder.
Title: Deteriorated sleep quality and influencing factors among undergraduates in northern Guizhou, China.
Title: The effect of solution-focussed education and counselling on problematic internet usage, sleep quality and school achievement: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Sleep quality and architecture in Idiopathic generalized epilepsy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: "Sleep Quality and Depression Level in Nurses in COVID-19 Pandemic".
Title: An exploratory study of pro-inflammatory cytokines in individuals with alcohol use disorder: MCP-1 and IL-8 associated with alcohol consumption, sleep quality, anxiety, depression, and liver biomarkers.
Title: Association of ambient air pollution exposure and its variability with subjective sleep quality in China: A multilevel modeling analysis.
Title: The comparison of effects of balneotherapy, water-based and land-based exercises on disease activity, symptoms, sleep quality, quality of life and serum sclerostin level in patients with ankylosing spondylitis: A prospective, randomized study.
Title: Adolescent sleep quality and quantity and educational attainment: a test of multiple mechanisms using sibling difference models.
Title: The Relationship between Sleeping Position and Sleep Quality: A Flexible Sensor-Based Study.
Title: The Association between Diet and Sleep Quality among Spanish University Students.
Title: Mindfulness-Based Movement Intervention to Improve Sleep Quality: A Meta-Analysis and Moderator Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials.
Title: Effects of Short-Term Intake of Montmorency Tart Cherry Juice on Sleep Quality after Intermittent Exercise in Elite Female Field Hockey Players: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Modeling Sleep Quality Depending on Objective Actigraphic Indicators Based on Machine Learning Methods.
Title: Sleep Quality Worsens While Perceived Stress Improves in Healthcare Workers over Two Years during the COVID-19 Pandemic: Results of a Longitudinal Study.
Title: Association between Sleep Quality and Depression Symptoms in Chinese College Students during the COVID-19 Lockdown Period.
Title: The Relationship between Oxidative Stress and Subjective Sleep Quality in People with Coronary Artery Disease.
Title: Phenotypic, Genetic and Environmental Architecture of the Components of Sleep Quality.
Title: Discrimination is associated with poor sleep quality in pregnant Black American women.
Title: Changes in life satisfaction, depression, general health and sleep quality of Spanish older women during COVID-19 lockdown and their relationship with lifestyle: an observational follow-up study.
Title: Factors Associated With Sleep Quality in Hospitalized Persons With Dementia.
Title: Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on sleep quality in children and adolescents: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Mobile phone addiction and depression among Chinese medical students: the mediating role of sleep quality and the moderating role of peer relationships.
Title: Effects of health qigong on sleep quality: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: Does Sleep Quality Influence Recovery Outcomes After Postconcussive Injury in Children and Adolescents?
Title: The effects of Rosa damascene aromatherapy on anxiety and sleep quality in burn patients: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: Associating sleep quality, quality of life and child poly-victimization.
Title: Baduanjin's impact on quality of life and sleep quality in breast cancer survivors receiving aromatase inhibitor therapy: a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Latent profiles of sleep quality, financial management behaviors, and sexual satisfaction in emerging adult newlywed couples and longitudinal connections with marital satisfaction.
Title: The Effect of Physical Exposures and Job Stress on Sleep Quality and Mental Health in a Group of Pink-Collar Workers in Iran.
Title: Prediction of sleep quality among university students after analyzing lifestyles, sports habits, and mental health.
Title: Analysis of Sleep Quality and TCM Constitution Characteristics in 258 Outpatients: A Cross-Sectional Study Based on Outpatient Cases.
Title: A study on the changes in life habits, mental health, and sleep quality of college students due to COVID-19.
Title: Telephone-Based Behavioral Activation for Improving Sleep Quality in Family Caregivers of People With Dementia: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Poor sleep quality and associated factors among HIV-positive pregnant women in Northwest, Ethiopia: a facility-based, cross-sectional study.
Title: The Impact of Ashwagandha on Stress, Sleep Quality, and Food Cravings in College Students: Quantitative Analysis of a Double-Blind Randomized Control Trial.
Title: The Perceived Impact of Ashwagandha on Stress, Sleep Quality, Energy, and Mental Clarity for College Students: Qualitative Analysis of a Double-Blind Randomized Control Trial.
Title: Sleep quality, latency, and sleepiness are positively correlated with depression symptoms of Brazilians facing the pandemic-associated stressors of COVID-19.
Title: Menopausal Symptoms and Sleep Quality in Women Aged 40-65 Years.
Title: Prevalence and related factors of poor sleep quality in patients with pre-dialysis chronic kidney disease.
Title: Association of depression symptoms and sleep quality with state-trait anxiety in medical university students in Anhui Province, China: a mediation analysis.
Title: Effect of Sleep Hygiene Education on Sleep Quality in Patients With Liver Transplantation.
Title: Change in Sleep Quality of Residents the Night Before High-Fidelity Simulation: Results From a Prospective 1-Year National Survey.
Title: Examining factors associated with sleep quality in parents of children 4-10 years with autism spectrum disorder.
Title: Negative perfectionism and sleep quality in Chinese international students under COVID-19 epidemic: A moderated mediation.
Title: Reiki for promotion of health and sleep quality in hospital nursing professionals.
Title: The links between commuting time and sleep quality: a trend in modern urban centers.
Title: Sleep quality and pain in adolescents and young adults with sickle cell disease.
Title: THE USE OF LOW DOSE PREDNISOLONE IN PATIENTS WITH SUBACUTE THYROIDITIS AND ITS EFFECT ON IMPAIRED LIFE AND SLEEP QUALITY.
Title: Effectiveness of a mindful nature walking intervention on sleep quality and mood in university students during Covid-19: A randomised control study.
Title: Effect of illuminated musical mobile on sleep quality of children hospitalized in pediatric emergency departments.
Title: Sleep quality, caregiver burden, and individual resilience among parents of children with epilepsy.
Title: Association of sleep duration and sleep quality with the risk of metabolic syndrome in adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Evaluation of the efficacy and safety of intradermal needle therapy on the sleep quality of patients following laparoscopic hysterectomy: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Mediating effect of circadian rhythm between work stress and sleep quality in Chinese shift-working nurses: A cross-sectional survey.
Title: Sleep quality is associated with disease severity in adult patients with inflammatory dermatoses.
Title: A theoretical model of college students' sleep quality and health-related quality of life.
Title: Factors Associated with and Prognosis Impact of Perceived Sleep Quality and Estimated Quantity in Patients Receiving Non-Invasive Ventilation for Acute Respiratory Failure.
Title: The Associations between Daytime Physical Activity, While-in-Bed Smartphone Use, Sleep Delay, and Sleep Quality: A 24-h Investigation among Chinese College Students.
Title: The Efficacy of Digital Cognitive-Behavioral Interventions in Supporting the Psychological Adjustment and Sleep Quality of Pregnant Women with Sub-Clinical Symptoms: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Effects of sleep quality on the association between problematic internet use and quality of life in people with substance use disorder.
Title: Correlation between Anxiety, Depression, and Sleep Quality in College Students.
Title: Fatigue in Adults with Chronic Arthralgia/Myalgia in the Temporomandibular Region: Associations with Poor Sleep Quality, Depression, Pain Intensity, and Future Pain Interference.
Title: Prevalence and associated factors of poor sleep quality among postpartum women in North West Ethiopia: a community-based study.
Title: Evaluating machine learning models to classify occupants' perceptions of their indoor environment and sleep quality from indoor air quality.
Title: Linking mental health to safety behavior in construction workers: The mediating effect of work ability and sleep quality.
Title: Sleep Quality After Intradialytic Oral Nutrition: A New Benefit of This Anabolic Strategy? A Pilot Study.
Title: Reduced serum vitamin D levels are associated with poor sleep quality in early stroke patients.
Title: Effect of Kangaroo Mother Care on the Psychological Stress Response and Sleep Quality of Mothers With Premature Infants in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.
Title: The Effects of Rural Residents' Sleep Quality on the Incidence of Agricultural Injuries: A Meta-Analysis.
Title: Relationship between gastroesophageal reflux disease and objective sleep quality.
Title: [Association of sleep quality with treatment adherence and glycosylated hemoglobin levels in women with diabetesRelação da qualidade do sono, aderência ao tratamento, hemoglobina glicosilada em mulheres com diabetes].
Title: Sleep quality in individuals with chronic low back pain and central sensitization.
Title: Presleep Heart-Rate Variability Biofeedback Improves Mood and Sleep Quality in Chinese Winter Olympic Bobsleigh Athletes.
Title: Relationship between physical activity level and sleep quality with postural control and hemodynamic response in the prefrontal cortex during dual-task performance.
Title: Association between sleep quality and occupational factors in Brazilian correctional officers.
Title: Multicentre, randomised study found that honey had no pharmacological effect on nocturnal coughs and sleep quality at 1-5 years of age.
Title: Sleep Quality in a Nigerian Community: Prevalence of Poor Sleep Quality, Risk Factors and Health-Related Quality of Life.
Title: Association Between the Fatigue and Sleep Quality of Kidney Transplant Recipients: The Mediating Role of Rumination.
Title: The Relationship between Sleep Quality and Hemodialysis and Nursing Intervention in Uremia Patients Based on Intelligent Data.
Title: Sleep quality and regular physical activity in reducing cardiac risk.
Title: Sleep Quality in a Nigerian Community.
Title: Association between sleep quality, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and sleep-disordered breathing in pregnant women with and without obesity: An observational cross-sectional study.
Title: Antepartum sleep quality, mental status, and postpartum depressive symptoms: a mediation analysis.
Title: The role of sleep quality on white matter integrity and concussion symptom severity in adolescents.
Title: Exploring the physical activity level and sleep quality among a cohort of healthy females in Egypt: a cross-sectional survey.
Title: Changes in lifestyle during the COVID-19 lockdown in Brazil: Impact on sleep quality.
Title: The Impact of Duty Hour Limits on Sleep Quality of Resident: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Impact of COVID-19 lockdown on sleep quality of pharmacy students in UiTM Puncak Alam.
Title: The relationship between social jetlag and subjective sleep quality: differences in young and middle-aged workers.
Title: 24-hour urinary potassium excretion is negatively associated with self-reported sleep quality in the general population, independently of sleep-disordered breathing.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality and Factors Among Reproductive-Age Women in Southwest Ethiopia.
Title: Sleep Quality Impairment Is Associated With Pandemic Attitudes During the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Circuit Breaker Lockdown in England: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: EEG-based clusters differentiate psychological distress, sleep quality and cognitive function in adolescents.
Title: The effect of tension variability for sleep quality in headache patients: A Holter monitoring study.
Title: The Mediating and Moderating Roles of Life Skills and Cortisol in the Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Depressive Symptoms Among Chinese Adolescents With Childhood Household Dysfunction.
Title: Mediation Effect of the Coping Strategies on the Relation Between Stress and Sleep Quality.
Title: Sleep Quality and Mental Health Consequences of COVID-19 Pandemic in the Aviation Community in Greece.
Title: Evaluation of Depression, Anxiety, and Sleep Quality in Children Diagnosed With COVID-19.
Title: Fruit and vegetable intake and incident and persistent poor sleep quality in a rural ageing population in South Africa: longitudinal study.
Title: Italian Validation of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) in a Population of Healthy Children: A Cross Sectional Study.
Title: Association between Recreational Screen Time and Sleep Quality among Adolescents during the Third Wave of the COVID-19 Pandemic in Canada.
Title: Sleep quality is associated with emotion experience and adaptive regulation of positive emotion: An experience sampling study.
Title: Effects of COVID-19 lockdown on sleep duration, sleep quality and burnout in faculty members of higher education in Mexico.
Title: Self-reported reduced sleep quality and excessive daytime sleepiness in facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy.
Title: Multi-Scale Evaluation of Sleep Quality Based on Motion Signal from Unobtrusive Device.
Title: Clinical and Polysomnographic Features Associated with Poor Sleep Quality in Patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea.
Title: Sleep Quality and Insomnia Severity among Italian University Students: A Latent Profile Analysis.
Title: Sleep Quality and Aging: A Systematic Review on Healthy Older People, Mild Cognitive Impairment and Alzheimer's Disease.
Title: Construct of the Association between Sleep Quality and Perinatal Depression: A Literature Review.
Title: Long coronavirus disease-related persistent poor sleep quality and progression of enlarged perivascular spaces. A longitudinal study.
Title: Mental Health in Student Athletes: Associations With Sleep Duration, Sleep Quality, Insomnia, Fatigue, and Sleep Apnea Symptoms.
Title: The effect of probiotics on mood and sleep quality in postmenopausal women: A triple-blind randomized controlled trial.
Title: Hospital physicians´ working hour characteristics and sleep quality: a cross-sectional analysis of realized working hour and survey data.
Title: Impaired sleep quality in children with allergic conjunctivitis and their parents.
Title: Improvement of several stress response and sleep quality hormones in men and women after sleeping in a bed that protects against electromagnetic fields.
Title: Preoperative High Sleep Quality Predicts Further Decrease in Length of Stay after Total Joint Arthroplasty under Enhanced Recovery Short-stay Program: Experience in 604 Patients from a Single Team.
Title: The Impact of Aromatherapy with Citrus Aurantium Essential Oil on Sleep Quality in Pregnant Women with Sleep Disorders: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial.
Title: Psychometric properties of the Persian version of Postpartum Sleep Quality Scale.
Title: Evaluation of the correlation between frailty and sleep quality among elderly patients with osteoporosis: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Effect of Epilepsy on Sleep Quality During Pregnancy and Postpartum.
Title: Why Sleep is Key: Poor Sleep Quality is a Mechanism for the Bidirectional Relationship between Major Depressive Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder Across 18 Years.
Title: Impact of the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic on obesity, internet addiction, and sleep quality in adolescents.
Title: Sleep quality and sleep hygiene in preclinical medical students of tertiary care center amidst COVID-19 pandemic: a cross-sectional observational study.
Title: Impact of internet addiction during COVID-19 on anxiety and sleep quality among college students of Bhubaneswar city.
Title: Burnout and sleep quality among community health workers during the pandemic in selected city of Andhra Pradesh.
Title: A Mindfulness Program Addressing Sleep Quality and Stress: Transition to a Telehealth Format for Higher Education Students During COVID-19.
Title: Is sleep quality a potential predictor of neurocognitive disorders? A 6-year follow-up study in Chinese older adults.
Title: The effect of light on sleep quality and physiological parameters in patients in the intensive care unit.
Title: Sleep Quality Predicts Functional Disability in Older Adults with Low Back Pain: A Longitudinal Study.
Title: Aromatherapy with single essential oils can significantly improve the sleep quality of cancer patients: a meta-analysis.
Title: A Comparative Study of Baseline Heart Rate Variability, Sleep Quality, and Oxidative Stress Levels in Hypertensive Versus Normotensive Subjects: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Lifestyle pattern changes, eating disorders, and sleep quality in diabetes: how are the effects of 18 months of COVID-19 pandemic being felt?
Title: Prevalence and risk factors of poor sleep quality in continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis patients in Nanchang, Southeast China.
Title: Probiotics, prebiotics and postbiotics for better sleep quality: a narrative review.
Title: Distinguishing the Associations Between Evening Screen Time and Sleep Quality Among Different Age Groups: A Population-Based Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The Mediating Role of Coping Style in the Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Burnout: A Cross-Sectional Study Among Psychiatric Nurses.
Title: Meta-Analysis of Relationship of Sleep Quality and Duration With Risk of Diabetic Retinopathy.
Title: Sleep Quality and Sleep Behaviors in Varsity Athletes: A Pilot Study.
Title: Cannabis use disorder severity and sleep quality among undergraduates attending a Historically Black University.
Title: Influence of Depression and Sleep Quality on Postoperative Outcomes after Total Hip Arthroplasty: A Prospective Study.
Title: Effect of Perceived Stress on Health-Related Quality of Life among Primary Caregiving Spouses of Patients with Severe Dementia: The Mediating Role of Depression and Sleep Quality.
Title: The effect of seating recline on sleep quality, comfort and pressure distribution in moving autonomous vehicles.
Title: Relationships of self-reported and objective measures of sleep, sleepiness, and sleep quality in Parkinson's disease.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among adult hypertensive patients attending a chronic follow up care clinic in northwest Amhara regional state referral hospitals, Northwest Ethiopia.
Title: Sleep Quality and the Importance Women Place on Healthy Eating Interact to Influence Psychological Resilience.
Title: Daytime sleepiness in elementary school students: the role of sleep quality and chronotype.
Title: Assessment of psychiatric disorders and sleep quality in chronic lateral epicondylitis.
Title: Can the relationship between overweight/obesity and sleep quality be explained by affect and behaviour?
Title: Prevalence of insomnia and poor sleep quality in the prison population: A systematic review.
Title: Polygraphic evaluation of the effects of different rapid maxillary expansion appliances on sleep quality: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: Sleep quality and obstructive sleep apnoea in Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australian children.
Title: Health Promoting Lifestyle Behaviors and Sleep Quality Among Saudi Postmenopausal Women.
Title: The Effects of Progressive Relaxation Exercises on COVID-19-Related Fear, Anxiety, and Sleep Quality in Emergency Aid Station Employees.
Title: The prevalence of poor sleep quality and its association with the risk of obstructive sleep apnea and restless legs syndrome in diabetic patients treated with cyanoacrylate glue for varicose veins.
Title: The Joint Secular Trends of Sleep Quality and Diabetes Among US Adults, 2005-2018.
Title: Improved Sleep Quality Is Associated with Reduced Insulin Resistance in Cancer Survivors Undertaking Circuit, Interval-Based Exercise.
Title: Physical Activity in Fontan Patients Relates to Quality of Life and Sleep Quality.
Title: Sleep Quality of Covid-19 Recovered Patients in India.
Title: Effects of COVID-19 Lockdown on Physical Performance, Sleep Quality, and Health-Related Quality of Life in Professional Youth Soccer Players.
Title: Relationship of Psychiatric Disorders and Sleep Quality to Physical Symptoms in Coronary Artery Disease.
Title: Evaluation of the effect of deltacoronavirus epidemic on sleep quality of operating room staff after vaccination.
Title: Relationships between caregiving stress and sleep quality among family caregivers of older adults with dementia in Thailand.
Title: A clinical trial to compare the effects of aerobic training and resistance training on sleep quality and quality of life in older adults with sleep disturbance.
Title: Sleep quality in COVID-19 recovered patients.
Title: Possible sleep bruxism, smartphone addiction and sleep quality among Brazilian university students during COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Worse Sleep Quality Aggravates the Motor and Non-Motor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Physiological markers of sleep quality: A scoping review.
Title: Are sleep quality judgments comparable across individuals, places, and spaces? An interdisciplinary analysis of data from 207,608 individuals across 68 countries.
Title: Post-traumatic stress disorder prevalence and sleep quality in fire victims and rescue workers in southern Brazil: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) responses are modulated by total sleep time and wake after sleep onset in healthy older adults.
Title: The Usefulness of the Athens Insomnia Scale for Evaluating Sleep Disturbance in Patients with Chronic Liver Disease Comparing with Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index and Epworth Sleepiness Scale.
Title: Sleep Quality and Related Clinical Manifestations in Huntington Disease.
Title: Correction: Lin et al. Grounding the Body Improves Sleep Quality in Patients with Mild Alzheimer's Disease: A Pilot Study. 
Title: Effect of Modified Yukmijihwang-Tang on Sleep Quality in the Rat.
Title: Prevalence of gaming addiction and its impact on sleep quality: A cross-sectional study from Pakistan.
Title: Evaluation of the Relationship between Stress and Severity of Covid-19 Symptoms and Sleep Quality in Covid-19 Patients.
Title: Studying the Effect of Long COVID-19 Infection on Sleep Quality Using Wearable Health Devices: Observational Study.
Title: Bright Light During Wakefulness Improves Sleep Quality in Healthy Men: A Forced Desynchrony Study Under Dim and Bright Light (III).
Title: Effects of Diurnal Ramadan Intermittent Fasting on Cardiometabolic Risk Factors and Sleep Quality in Healthy Turkish Adults.
Title: Social support predicts sleep quality in people with multiple sclerosis during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Effects of yoga on depressive symptoms, anxiety, sleep quality, and mood in patients with rheumatic diseases: Systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Racial/ethnic disparities in subjective sleep duration, sleep quality, and sleep disturbances during pregnancy: an ECHO study.
Title: Changes and predictors of sleep quality with a 2-year follow-up in older adults according to living arrangements.
Title: The effect of aerobic exercises of different intensities on anxiety, cigarette addiction, sleep quality, and quality of life in former smokers.
Title: Laxatives are Associated with Poorer Polysomnography-derived Sleep Quality.
Title: The contribution of self-concept to sleep quality in adolescents: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Impact of Persistent Poor Sleep Quality on Post-Stroke Anxiety and Depression: A National Prospective Clinical Registry Study.
Title: Visual Attention and Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: Does Prior Night's Sleep Impact Next Day's Executive Functioning? It Depends on an Individual's Average Sleep Quality.
Title: Effects of Washed Fecal Bacteria Transplantation in Sleep Quality, Stool Features and Autism Symptomatology: A Chinese Preliminary Observational Study.
Title: The Component and Functional Pathways of Gut Microbiota Are Altered in Populations with Poor Sleep Quality - A Preliminary Report.
Title: Prevalence of pruritus associated with hemodialysis and its association with sleep quality among hemodialysis patients: a multicenter study.
Title: Horticulture therapy affected the mental status, sleep quality, and salivary markers of mucosal immunity in an elderly population.
Title: Association of weekend catch-up sleep ratio and subjective sleep quality with depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation among Korean adolescents.
Title: Investigating the impacts of working at home among office workers with neck pain on health status, depression and sleep quality during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Effects of multiple exposures to general anesthesia on the sleep quality of children after plastic surgery in Beijing, China: a cohort study.
Title: Auricular Acupressure for Improving Sleep Quality in Patients With Lung Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Title: The Effect of Acupressure on Sleep Quality of Older People in Australian Residential Aged Care Facilities: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: The Effect of Lavender on Sleep Quality in Individuals Without Insomnia: A Systematic Review.
Title: Validity and reliability of the Danish version of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index.
Title: Bidirectional associations between chronic low back pain and sleep quality: A cohort study with schoolteachers.
Title: The Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Sleep Quality in the Turkish Population: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: The Effects of Inhalational Lavender Essential Oil Aromatherapy on Sleep Quality in Hemodialysis Patients: A Before-and-After-Intervention Trial.
Title: Neural distinctiveness of fatigue and low sleep quality in multiple sclerosis.
Title: Frontal white matter association with sleep quality and the role of stress.
Title: Music to improve sleep quality in adults with depression-related insomnia (MUSTAFI): randomized controlled trial.
Title: Work participation, sensory processing and sleep quality in adults with attention-deficit hyperactive disorder.
Title: Effect of Bhramari Pranayama intervention on stress, anxiety, depression and sleep quality among COVID 19 patients in home isolation.
Title: Comparison of sleep quality among COVID-19 patients and non-COVID-19 population in Pakistan: A cross sectional study during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Effect of Om chanting and Yoga Nidra on depression anxiety stress, sleep quality and autonomic functions of hypertensive subjects - a randomized controlled trial.
Title: Is psychological distress the key factor in the association between problematic social networking sites and poor sleep quality?
Title: Comparison of the Effect of Reflexology and Swedish Massage on Restless Legs Syndrome and Sleep Quality in Patients Undergoing Hemodialysis: a Randomized Clinical Trial.
Title: Effects of Work Stress and 
Title: Independent and Combined Associations between Physical Activity and Sedentary Time with Sleep Quality among Chinese College Students.
Title: Correction to: The association of sleep quality and burnout among Chinese medical residents under standardized residency training in a tertiary hospital.
Title: Perceived sleep quality: a comparison between hospital nurses and student nurses.
Title: Stress, Sleep Quality, and Academic Performance among Dental Students in Shiraz, Iran.
Title: Sleep Quality and Associated Factors Among Adult Cancer Patients Under Treatment at Oncology Units in Amhara Region, Ethiopia.
Title: Public interest and awareness regarding general health, sleep quality and mental wellbeing during the early COVID-19 pandemic period: An exploration using Google trends.
Title: Association of social jetlag and eating patterns with sleep quality and daytime sleepiness in Japanese high school students.
Title: [Influence of screen time on the sleep quality of students].
Title: Associations between sleep duration, sleep quality, and weight status in Chinese children and adolescents.
Title: Risk of COPD exacerbation is increased by poor sleep quality and modified by social adversity.
Title: Perceived sleep quality predicts aggressive offending in adolescence and young adulthood.
Title: Sex Differences in the Association Between Poor Sleep Quality and Alcohol-Related Problems Among Heavy Drinkers With Insomnia.
Title: Relationship of depression and sleep quality, diseases and general characteristics.
Title: Single High-Dose Systemic Methylprednisolone Administered Preoperatively Improves Pain Control and Sleep Quality After Total Hip Arthroplasty: A Double-Blind, Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Investigating the sleep habits in individual and team-sport athletes using the Athlete Sleep Behavior Questionnaire and the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index.
Title: The impact of pain and nocturnal cramps on sleep quality in Charcot Marie Tooth disease: a case-control study.
Title: Sleep quality impairments in schizophrenia and bipolar affective disorder patients continue during periods of remission: a case-controlled study.
Title: Evaluation of truck driver rest locations and sleep quality.
Title: The impact of work schedules, workplace bullying and some demographic characteristics on nurses' sleep quality in Iran.
Title: Sleep quality and anxiety among Egyptian population during covid-19 pandemic.
Title: Does sleep quality modify the relationship between common mental disorders and chronic low back pain in adult women?
Title: Global sleep quality is associated with tonic craving, but not cue-induced craving.
Title: Concerns about the future linked with poor sleep quality in US army special operations soldiers withdrawing from Afghanistan.
Title: A randomized placebo-controlled double-blind study of dexmedetomidine on postoperative sleep quality in patients with endoscopic sinus surgery.
Title: Relationship between menopausal symptoms and sleep quality in women during the climacteric period: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality, daytime sleepiness, and rapid eye movement obstructive sleep apnea (REM-OSA).
Title: Four Weeks of a Neuro-Meditation Program Improves Sleep Quality and Reduces Hypertension in Nursing Staff During the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Parallel Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep Quality in Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder: A Systematic Review.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality and Other Risk Factors for Unemployment Among Patients on Opioid Agonist Treatment.
Title: Relation Among Anxiety, Depression, Sleep Quality and Health-Related Quality of Life Among Patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: Path Analysis.
Title: Sleep quality and mental health during COVID-19: the role of distress tolerance.
Title: Comparison of sleep quality deterioration by subgroup of painful temporomandibular disorder based on diagnostic criteria for temporomandibular disorders.
Title: Latent classes of sleep quality and related predictors in older adults: A person-centered approach.
Title: Examining Anxiety, Sleep Quality, and Physical Activity as Predictors of Depression among University Students from Saudi Arabia during the Second Wave of the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Evaluation of the Effect of Supervised Group Exercise on Self-Reported Sleep Quality in Pregnant Women with or at High Risk of Depression: A Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Association between Sleep Quality and Mental Health among Patients at a Post-COVID-19 Recovery Clinic.
Title: Food consumption according to the level of processing and sleep quality during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Anxiety and Sleep Quality Amelioration in College Students: A Comparative Study between Team Sports and Individual Sports.
Title: Differences and Correlations of Anxiety, Sleep Quality, and Pressure-Pain Threshold between Patients with Chronic Low Back Pain and Asymptomatic People.
Title: The longitudinal connection between depressive symptoms and inflammation: Mediation by sleep quality.
Title: Sleep Quality and Factors Affecting Sleep in Individuals With an Intestinal Ostomy: A Descriptive Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The impact of COVID-19 pandemic on sleep quality in healthcare workers in Turkey.
Title: Sleep quality and patterns of young West Balkan adults during the third wave of COVID-19 pandemic: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The relationship between high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and overall sleep quality in the adult population with asthma.
Title: Letter to the Editor: Melatonin Does Not Improve Sleep Quality in a Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial After Primary Total Joint Arthroplasty.
Title: Correlation between Sleep Time, Sleep Quality, and Emotional and Cognitive Function in the Elderly.
Title: Non-pharmacological Interventions for Improving Sleep Quality During Pregnancy: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: Relationship between Walking Activity and Sleep Quality among Community-Dwelling Older Adults.
Title: Sleep quality and the associated factors among in-hospital nursing assistants in general hospital: A cross-sectional study.
Title: Association between changes in the retina with major depressive disorder and sleep quality.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality, neck pain, shoulder pain and disability, physical activity, and health perception among middle-aged women: a cross-sectional study.
Title: The role of beliefs about sleep in nightly perceptions of sleep quality across a depression continuum.
Title: Treatment method selection for sleep quality due to lumbar DISC herniation: Early surgery or others?; A single center clinical trial.
Title: Poor sleep Quality and Obstructive Sleep Apnea are Associated with Maternal Mood, and Anxiety Disorders in Pregnancy.
Title: Nutritional behavior during the COVID-19 pandemic: the association of fear and sleep quality with emotional eating.
Title: [Can night eating syndrome and sleep quality have strong relations with quality of life in early adulthood?].
Title: Effects of Vagus Nerve Stimulation on Sleep-Disordered Breathing, Daytime Sleepiness, and Sleep Quality in Patients With Drug-Resistant Epilepsy.
Title: The Sleep Quality of the Frontline Healthcare Workers and the Improving Effect of Tai Chi.
Title: Obesity effects on sleep quality with anthropometric and metabolic changes.
Title: Sleep quality, personal and work variables and life habits of hospital nurses.
Title: Effects of Creative Arts Intervention on Anxiety, Depression and Sleep Quality Among Bone Marrow Transplantation Patients During Protective Isolation.
Title: Sleep patterns and potential risk factors for disturbed sleep quality in patients after surgery for infective endocarditis.
Title: Depressive Symptoms, Subjective Cognitive Decline, and Subjective Sleep Quality Are Associated with Slips and Falls: Data from the Community Health Survey in Korean Adults.
Title: The effect of vitamin D on sleep quality: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Relationship between stressful life events and sleep quality: The mediating and moderating role of psychological suzhi.
Title: Closed-Loop Insulin Delivery Effects on Glycemia During Sleep and Sleep Quality in Older Adults with Type 1 Diabetes: Results from the ORACL Trial.
Title: Efficacy of Dietary Supplements on Sleep Quality and Daytime Function of Shift Workers: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and emotional modulation of spinal, supraspinal, and perceptual measures of pain.
Title: Sleep Quality: A Narrative Review on Nutrition, Stimulants, and Physical Activity as Important Factors.
Title: Associations between Sleep Quality and Heart Rate Variability: Implications for a Biological Model of Stress Detection Using Wearable Technology.
Title: Pathways from Neuroticism, Social Support, and Sleep Quality to Antenatal Depression during the Third Trimester of Pregnancy.
Title: Effects of Aroma Foot Massage on Sleep Quality and Constipation Relief among the Older Adults Living in Residential Nursing Facilities.
Title: Differences in Overweight or Obesity, Changes in Dietary Habits after Studying Abroad and Sleep Quality by Acculturative Degree among Asian Foreign Students: A Cross Sectional Pilot Study.
Title: Sleep Quality among Patients with Type 2 Diabetes: A Cross-Sectional Study in the East Coast Region of Peninsular Malaysia.
Title: Using Structural Equation Modeling to Examine Pathways between Physical Activity and Sleep Quality among Chinese TikTok Users.
Title: Sleep Quality, Insomnia, Anxiety, Fatigue, Stress, Memory and Active Coping during the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Topologically Disrupted Gray Matter Networks in Drug-Naïve Essential Tremor Patients With Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: A novel EEG marker predicts perceived sleepiness and poor sleep quality.
Title: Poor sleep quality and reduced immune function among college students: Perceived stress and depression as mediators.
Title: Association between sleep quality and depressive symptoms.
Title: Nature and nurture. Genetic and environmental factors on the relationship between back pain and sleep quality.
Title: Investigation on the Relationship between Sleep Quality and Depression and Anxiety in Hospitalized Patients with Different Levels of AECOPD.
Title: The Effect of the Bright White Light Application to Cancer Patients Receiving Palliative Care on Their Fatigue Level and Sleep Quality: A Randomized Control Trial.
Title: Effects of Intravenous Analgesia Using Tramadol on Postoperative Depression State and Sleep Quality in Women Undergoing Abdominal Endoscopic Surgery: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep disturbance and health-related quality of life in Parkinson's disease: A clear correlation between health-related quality of life and subjective sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality and mental health during the COVID-19 pandemic in patients with severe obstructive sleep apnea.
Title: Effectiveness of eszopiclone in treating sleep disorders in elderly people with hypertension and the effect on patients' sleep quality.
Title: Psychometric properties of the Turkish version of modified Freedman questionnaire for sleep quality.
Title: Sleep quality in COPD patients: correlation with disease severity and health status.
Title: The association between objective measurements of sleep quality and postural control in adults: A systematic review.
Title: Sleep quality deterioration in healthcare workers during the COVID-19 pandemic: the role of work-related factors and mental health.
Title: The Influence of Sleep Quality on Patient Safety Learning of Nursing Students.
Title: Is poor sleep quality associated with poor neurocognitive outcome in cancer survivors? A systematic review.
Title: Brain Photobiomodulation Improves Sleep Quality in Subjective Cognitive Decline: A Randomized, Sham-Controlled Study.
Title: Sleep quality in persons with mental disorders: Changes during inpatient treatment across 10 diagnostic groups.
Title: Modification in Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index after low intensity transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with fibromyalgia.
Title: Timing of sedentary behaviour and access to sedentary activities in the bedroom and their association with sleep quality and duration in children and youth: a systematic review.
Title: Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on sleep quality among medical and general science students: King Saud University Experience.
Title: Sleep Quality and Related Determinants among Stroke Patients: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of lifestyle behaviours and depressed mood on sleep quality in young adults. A machine learning approach.
Title: The Relationship Between Sleep Quality and Quality of Life Among Patients With Asthma.
Title: The Efficacy of Capsaicin on Sleep Quality and Fatigue in Fibromyalgia.
Title: Sleep quality in men with androgenetic alopecia.
Title: Breathing and Relaxation Exercises Help Improving Fear of COVID-19, Anxiety, and Sleep Quality: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Sleep Quality in a Longitudinal Pediatric Cohort.
Title: Factors affecting sleep quality of mothers of children with chronic illnesses.
Title: A Cross-Sectional Study on the Relationship Among Cytokines, 5-HT2A Receptor Polymorphisms, and Sleep Quality of Non-manual Workers in Xinjiang, China.
Title: Psychological Health and Sleep Quality of Medical Graduates During the Second Wave of COVID-19 Pandemic in Post-epidemic Era.
Title: Poor sleep quality may contribute to dysfunctional illness perception, physical and emotional distress in hospitalised patients: results of a national survey of the Italian Society of Consultation-Liaison Psychiatry.
Title: The association of sleep quality and burnout among Chinese medical residents under standardized residency training in a tertiary hospital.
Title: Caffeine Intake among Undergraduate Students: Sex Differences, Sources, Motivations, and Associations with Smoking Status and Self-Reported Sleep Quality.
Title: Monitoring the Changing Patterns in Perceived Learning Effort, Stress, and Sleep Quality during the Sports Training Period in Elite Collegiate Triathletes: A Preliminary Research.
Title: Alterations in Cortisol Profiles among Mothers of Children with ASD Related to Poor Child Sleep Quality.
Title: Sleep Quality and Nutrient Intake in Japanese Female University Student-Athletes: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: The effect of nonpharmacological interventions on pain and sleep quality after percutaneous nephrolithotomy: A protocol for systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Multilevel analysis of sleep quality and anger in emergency medical service workers.
Title: Stress Susceptibility Moderates the Relationship Between Eveningness Preference and Poor Sleep Quality in Non-Acute Mood Disorder Patients and Healthy Controls.
Title: A Novel Theanine Complex, Mg-L-Theanine Improves Sleep Quality 
Title: Home Monitoring of Oxygen Saturation Using a Low-Cost Wearable Device with Haptic Feedback to Improve Sleep Quality in a Lung Cancer Patient: A Case Report.
Title: Negative emotions and brain: Negative emotions mediates the association between structural and functional variations in emotional-related brain regions and sleep quality.
Title: Examining the Relationship Between Sleep Quality, Social Functioning, and Behavior Problems in Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder: A Systematic Review.
Title: Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on sleep quality and sleep bruxism in children eight to ten years of age.
Title: Prevalence and factors associated with poor sleep quality among nursing professionals during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Gender-Based Analysis of the Association Between Mental Health, Sleep Quality, Aggression, and Physical Activity Among University Students During the COVID-19 Outbreak.
Title: Examining the Impact of Different Components of Sleep Quality on Anxiety Among Family Carers of People with Dementia.
Title: The role of depression and physical activity in the association of between sleep quality, and duration with and health-related quality of life among the elderly: a UK Biobank cross-sectional study.
Title: Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain Moderates the Association between Sleep Quality and Dorsostriatal-Sensorimotor Resting State Functional Connectivity in Community-Dwelling Older Adults.
Title: Association Between Poor Sleep Quality and Glycemic Control in Adult Patients with Diabetes Referred to Endocrinology Clinic of Guilan: A Cross-sectional Study.
Title: Female Reproductive Health Disturbance Experienced During the COVID-19 Pandemic Correlates With Mental Health Disturbance and Sleep Quality.
Title: The Impact of Sleep Quality on Subjective Wellbeing Among Older Adults With Multimorbidity: A Moderated Mediation Model.
Title: Sleep Quality is an Independent Predictor of Blood Glucose and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Longitudinal Study of 4550 Chinese Women.
Title: Poor sleep quality, vitamin D deficiency and depression in the stroke population: A cohort study.
Title: Impact of the loss of smell on the sleep quality and fatigue level in COVID‑19 survivors.
Title: Temporal changes in self-reported sleep quality, sleep duration and sleep medication use in relation to temporal changes in quality of life and work ability over a 1-year period among Finnish municipal employees.
Title: Chronotype and trait self-control as unique predictors of sleep quality in Chinese adults: The mediating effects of sleep hygiene habits and bedtime media use.
Title: Association between urine 6-sulfatoxy-melatonin level and intravesical Bacillus Calmette-Guerin treatment-induced sleep quality deterioration in patients with non-muscle invasive bladder cancer.
Title: Tailored individual Yoga practice improves sleep quality, fatigue, anxiety, and depression in chronic insomnia disorder.
Title: Role of sleep quality in the acceleration of biological aging and its potential for preventive interaction on air pollution insults: Findings from the UK Biobank cohort.
Title: Reply to: Comment on: Effect of music therapy on improving sleep quality in older adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Comment on: Effect of music therapy on improving sleep quality in older adults a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The Concomitant Pattern of Association Between Subjective Global Sleep Quality and Daytime Dysfunction in Hypnotic-Treated Older Adults: The Yilan Study, Taiwan.
Title: Association between poor sleep quality and emotional eating in US Latinx adults and the mediating role of negative emotions.
Title: The relationship between sleep quality and menopausal symptoms among postmenopausal women in Saudi Arabia.
Title: Psychotic Experiences and Sleep Quality in the Emerging Adulthood: The Interplay Between Emotional Neglect, Bodily Threat, and Defense Mechanisms.
Title: The Relationship between Living Arrangements and Sleep Quality in Older Adults: Gender Differences.
Title: Psychometric Properties of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) in Patients with Multiple Sclerosis: Factor Structure, Reliability, Correlates, and Discrimination.
Title: Better Subjective Sleep Quality Partly Explains the Association Between Self-Reported Physical Activity and Better Cognitive Function.
Title: Aquaporin-4, Connexin-30, and Connexin-43 as Biomarkers for Decreased Objective Sleep Quality and/or Cognition Dysfunction in Patients With Chronic Insomnia Disorder.
Title: Impact of pandemic lockdown on learning behaviour and sleep quality in German students: Results of an online survey before and during the pandemic.
Title: Men's Sleep Quality and Assisted Reproductive Technology Outcomes in Couples Referred to a Fertility Clinic: A Chinese Cohort Study.
Title: COVID-19 hardships and self-reported sleep quality among American adults in March and April 2020: Results from a nationally representative panel study.
Title: Mindfulness-based stress reduction group training improves of sleep quality in postmenopausal women.
Title: Psychosocial issues and sleep quality among seafarers: a mixed methods study.
Title: Comparative efficacy of nonpharmacological interventions on sleep quality in people who are critically ill: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: Efficacy, acceptability, and tolerability of antidepressants for sleep quality disturbances in post-traumatic stress disorder: A systematic review and network meta-analysis.
Title: A longitudinal study of the effects of problematic smartphone use on social functioning among people with schizophrenia: Mediating roles for sleep quality and self-stigma.
Title: COVID-19 epidemic effects on sleep quality among health sector workers: A follow up study.
Title: Relationship Between Poor Sleep Quality and Injury Experience in Korea.
Title: Sleep Quality Partially Mediate the Relationship Between Depressive Symptoms and Cognitive Function in Older Chinese: A Longitudinal Study Across 10 Years.
Title: Association Between Sleep Quality and Anxiety in Korean Adolescents.
Title: Longitudinal bidirectional effects between sleep quality and internalizing problems.
Title: Self-reported Sleep Quality Before and After Atrial Fibrillation Ablation.
Title: Serial multiple mediators in the relationship between symptom burden and sleep quality among patients with heart failure.
Title: The Association Between Dry Eye and Sleep Quality Among the Adult Population of Saudi Arabia.
Title: Moderate-intensity aerobic exercise as an adjunct intervention to improve sleep quality among rotating shift nurses.
Title: Resting-state functional connectivity of the sensory/somatomotor network associated with sleep quality: evidence from 202 young male samples.
Title: The Effect of Citrus Aurantium Aroma on the Sleep Quality in Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Sleep quality in relation to trait energy and fatigue: an exploratory study of healthy young adults.
Title: Possible influences of vitamin D levels on sleep quality, depression, anxiety and physiological stress in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a case control study.
Title: Sleep quality and urinary incontinence in elderly female exercise practitioners.
Title: Sleep quality, stress level and COVID-19 in university students; the forgotten dimension.
Title: The impact of bedtime technology use on sleep quality and excessive daytime sleepiness in adults.
Title: Determinants of Poor Sleep Quality During the COVID-19 Pandemic Among Women Attending Antenatal Care Services at the Health Facilities of Debre Berhan Town, Ethiopia: An Institutional-Based Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effect of Sleep Intervention Programs during Cardiac Rehabilitation on the Sleep Quality of Heart Patients.
Title: The mediating effect of sleep quality and fatigue between depression and renal function in nondialysis chronic kidney disease: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Disrupted Brain Functional Network Topology in Essential Tremor Patients With Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: Association Between Dietary Protein Intake and Sleep Quality in Middle-Aged and Older Adults in Singapore.
Title: Effects of Adverse Childhood Experiences on Sleep Quality in People With Drug Addiction and Non-Addicts and the Role of Resilience Between Them.
Title: Non-pharmacological interventions targeting sleep quality in older adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Dexmedetomidine and sleep quality in mechanically ventilated critically ill patients: study protocol for a randomised placebo-controlled trial.
Title: Sleep initiation patterns and their influence on sleep quality in infants and young children.
Title: Altered glymphatic enhancement of cerebrospinal fluid tracer in individuals with chronic poor sleep quality.
Title: Sleep Quality Among Burn Survivors and the Importance of Intervention: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: The Lesson from the First Italian Lockdown: Impacts on Anxiety and Depressive Symptoms and Sleep Quality in Patients with Remission of Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Title: Effects of Dexmedetomidine Combined with Intravenous Anesthesia on Oxidative Stress Index, Postoperative Sleep Quality, and Brain Function in HICH Patients.
Title: Generalized Anxiety Mediates the Relationship Between Loneliness and Sleep Quality Amongst Young Adults During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Title: Sleep Quality Reports From Family Caregivers and Matched Non-caregiving Controls in a Population-Based Study.
Title: Effect of Chinese Traditional Wushu on Cancer-Related Fatigue, Sleep Quality and Upper Limb Dysfunction of Breast Cancer Survivors: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.
Title: The investigation of the effects of occupation-based intervention on anxiety, depression, and sleep quality of subjects with hand and upper extremity burns: A randomized clinical trial.
Title: In-Season Quantification and Relationship of External and Internal Intensity, Sleep Quality, and Psychological or Physical Stressors of Semi-Professional Soccer Players.
Title: Rasagiline, sleep quality and well-being in Parkinson's disease: a pilot study.
Title: Death Anxiety and WellBeing in Doctors During COVID-19: The Explanatory and Boosting Roles of Sleep Quality and Work Locality.
Title: The Role of Dietary Inflammatory Index on the Association Between Sleep Quality and Long-Term Cardiovascular Risk: A Mediation Analysis Based on NHANES (2005-2008).
Title: Reduced Sleep Quality Is Related to Poor Quality of Life in Patients with Juvenile Myoclonic Epilepsy, a Case-Control Study.
Title: Effects of Socio-Familial Behavior on Sleep Quality Predictive Risk Factors in Individuals under Social Isolation.
Title: A Moderated Mediation Model of the Relationship between Family Dynamics and Sleep Quality in College Students: The Role of Big Five Personality and Only-Child Status.
Title: Grounding the Body Improves Sleep Quality in Patients with Mild Alzheimer's Disease: A Pilot Study.
Title: Comparing the Effectiveness of Multicomponent Sleep-Promoting Interventions on the Sleep Quality of Menopausal Women: A Quasi-Experimental Study.
Title: The Association between Sleep Quality and Fatigue in Colorectal Cancer Survivors up until Two Years after Treatment: A Cross-Sectional and Longitudinal Analysis.
Title: [Sleep quality and sleep disturbances in Chinese pregnant women: a multicenter cross-sectional study].
Title: Sleep Quality Of College Students During COVID-19 Outbreak In China: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Effects of saffron supplementation on improving sleep quality: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.
Title: COVID19 Pandemic and Physical Activity: An Observational Study on Sleep Quality and Anxiety.
Title: Physical Exercise Ameliorates Anxiety, Depression and Sleep Quality in College Students: Experimental Evidence from Exercise Intensity and Frequency.
Title: Predictors of sleep paralysis and relationship of sleep paralysis with sleep quality in university students of Islamabad.
Title: The Effect of Noise-Masking Earbuds (SleepBuds) on Reported Sleep Quality and Tension in Health Care Shift Workers: Prospective Single-Subject Design Study.
Title: Technology and Sleep Quality: Friend or Foe? Let the Exergames Come into Play!
Title: Effect of Conventional Nursing Combined with Bedtime Oculomotor Training on Sleep Quality and Body Immunity of Advanced Lung Cancer Patients.
Title: Subjective Assessment of Sleep Quality and Excessive Daytime Sleepiness in Conventional Hemodialysis Population: A Single-Center Experience.
Title: Health anxiety model of cyberchondria, fears, obsessions, sleep quality, and negative affect during COVID-19.
Title: The Relationship Between Digital Activity and Bedtime, Sleep Duration, and Sleep Quality in Chinese Working Youth.
Title: The Relationship Between Dietary Intake and Sleep Quality in Endurance Athletes.
Title: Association between depressive symptoms and poor sleep quality among pregnant women in Northern Rural Bangladesh: a community-based cross-sectional study.
Title: Tracking Subjective Sleep Quality and Mood With Mobile Sensing: Multiverse Study.
Title: A Scoping Review of the Literature on Sleep Quality in Adult Lung Transplant Recipients.
Title: Evaluation of Preoperative Sleep Quality and Factors Affecting Pain Intensity of Patients Hospitalized in Surgical Services.
Title: Nighttime Sleep Quality and Daytime Sleepiness Predicts Suicide Risk in Adults Admitted to an Inpatient Psychiatric Hospital.
Title: How Did You Sleep Tonight? The Relevance of Sleep Quality and Sleep-Wake Rhythm for Procrastination at Work.
Title: Sleep Quality, Sleep Duration, and the Risk of Adverse Clinical Outcomes in Patients With Myocardial Infarction With Non-obstructive Coronary Arteries.
Title: Sleep quality and associated factors among undergraduate medical students during Covid-19 confinement.
Title: Limited Data Suggest That Music Improves Sleep Quality in Older Adults.
Title: Effect of virtual reality-based exercise intervention on sleep quality in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia and healthy siblings: A randomized controlled trial.
Title: Poorer sleep quality in patients with chronic temporomandibular disorders compared to healthy controls.
Title: The Association between Melatonin Levels and Sleep Quality in Patients with Pruritus: A Potential Biomarker on a Candidate Future Treatment.
Title: The significance of sleep quality in euthymic bipolar patients from Nigeria.
Title: Predictive factors of sleep quality in patients with chronic migraine.
Title: Effect of Alpha-S1-Casein Tryptic Hydrolysate and L-Theanine on Poor Sleep Quality: A Double Blind, Randomized Placebo-Controlled Crossover Trial.
Title: Adolescents' sleep quality during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Sleep quality problems in Thai medical students.
Title: Effectiveness of the Contours Vibes™ soothing vibrations infant and toddler crib mattress on infant and maternal sleep quality and health outcomes: an intervention study.
Title: Correlation of sleep quality and cardiac autonomic modulation in hemodialysis patients.
Title: Does exercise improve the sleep quality of older overweight or obese adults?
Title: A psychological view on the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions on positive airway pressure treatment adherence and sleep quality in patients with obstructive sleep apnea.
Title: Association between Objectively Measured Sedentary Behaviour and Sleep Quality in Japanese Adults: A Population-Based Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Positive Effects on Emotional Stress and Sleep Quality of Forest Healing Program for Exhausted Medical Workers during the COVID-19 Outbreak.
Title: Prevalence and Risk Factors of Poor Sleep Quality in Collegiate Athletes during COVID-19 Pandemic: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality and Its Associations with Physical and Mental Health-Related Quality of Life among University Students: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Impact on Sleep Quality, Mood, Anxiety, and Personal Satisfaction of Doctors Assigned to COVID-19 Units.
Title: Dietary Quality, Sleep Quality and Muscle Mass Predicted Frailty among Chinese Postmenopausal Women in Malaysia.
Title: Sleep Quality, Mental Health and Learning among High School Students after Reopening Schools during the COVID-19 Pandemic: Results of a Cross-Sectional Online Survey.
Title: Serial Mediation Roles of Perceived Stress and Depressive Symptoms in the Association Between Sleep Quality and Life Satisfaction Among Middle-Aged American Adults.
Title: Effectiveness of behavioral sleep interventions on children's and mothers' sleep quality and maternal depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Association of physical activity and positive thinking with global sleep quality.
Title: Effects of Inhalation Aromatherapy With Rosa damascena (Damask Rose) on the State Anxiety and Sleep Quality of Operating Room Personnel During the COVID-19 Pandemic: A Randomized Controlled Trial.
Title: Generalized anxiety and sleep quality among health care professionals during the COVID-19 pandemic: a cross-sectional study from a tertiary healthcare institution in Eastern India.
Title: Sleep quality in caregivers of patients with end-stage renal disease.
Title: Factors affecting postoperative sleep quality of patients undergoing flap transfer for head and neck reconstruction.
Title: Sleep Quality Is Associated With Severe Meibomian Gland Disruption in Dry Eye.
Title: Mobile Heart Rate Variability Biofeedback Improves Autonomic Activation and Subjective Sleep Quality of Healthy Adults - A Pilot Study.
Title: Mediating Effect of Sleep Quality on the Relationship Between Electronic Screen Media Use and Academic Performance Among College Students.
Title: The Association between Diet Quality Scores with Sleep Quality among Employees: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Sleep Quality and Quality of Life Among Older Adults During COVID-19 Pandemic: A Cross-Sectional Study.
Title: Adherence to the MIND dietary pattern and sleep quality, sleep related outcomes and mental health in male adults: a cross-sectional study.
Title: Sleep quality of Singapore residents: findings from the 2016 Singapore mental health study.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality Linked to Decreased Brain Gray Matter Density in Adults with Type 2 Diabetes.
Title: Neuroimaging of chronotype, sleep quality and daytime sleepiness: Structural T1-weighted magnetic resonance brain imaging data from 136 young adults.
Title: Sleep quality and neurohormonal and psychophysiological accompanying factors in adolescents with depressive disorders: study protocol.
Title: The mediation role of sleep quality in the relationship between cognitive decline and depression.
Title: Sleep Self-Report and Actigraphy Measures in Healthy Midlife Women: Validity of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index.
Title: Poor Sleep Quality is an Independent Risk Factor for Acquired Premature Ejaculation.
Title: [Sleep quality and mental well-being of mothers caring for children with disabilities and requiring oxygen therapy and night care at home].
Title: Poor sleep quality is significantly associated with effort but not temporal discounting of monetary rewards.
Title: The relationship between central sensitization and disease activity, quality of life, and sleep quality among patients with axial spondyloarthritis.
Title: Evaluation of sleep quality and duration in pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective follow-up study.
Title: The Effect of Chronic Intermittent Hypobaric Hypoxia on Sleep Quality and Melatonin Serum Levels in Chilean Miners.
Title: Relationship between sleep quality, mood state, and performance of elite air-rifle shooters.
Title: Effect of 12-Week Intake of Nicotinamide Mononucleotide on Sleep Quality, Fatigue, and Physical Performance in Older Japanese Adults: A Randomized, Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Study.
Title: Examining the trajectory and predictors of post-concussion sleep quality in children and adolescents.
Title: The effect of mindfulness-based stress reduction therapy on maternal anxiety, depression, and sleep quality: A protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: The effect of music therapy on the anxiety, depression and sleep quality in intensive care unit patients: A protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis.
Title: Response to: 'The relationship between preoperative sleep quality and adverse pain outcomes is still unclear-A comment on Bjurström et al.'.
Title: The Function and Structure of Precuneus Is Associated With Subjective Sleep Quality in Major Depression.
Title: Sleep Quality and Insomnia Are Associated With Quality of Life in Functional Dyspepsia.
Title: Do Children of Patients with Bipolar Disorder have a Worse Perception of Sleep Quality?
Title: Personalized Assessment of Insomnia and Sleep Quality in Patients with Parkinson's Disease.
Title: Cranial Electrotherapy Stimulation to Improve the Physiology and Psychology Response, Response-Ability, and Sleep Efficiency in Athletes with Poor Sleep Quality.
Title: Improving Sleep Quality in Older Adults: Foot Reflexology or Warm Footbath? A Single-Blind, 6-Week Intervention, Two Group, Randomized Comparative Study.
Title: Worse sleep, worsening post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD): Poor sleep quality associated with increases in PTSD symptoms amongst those experiencing high threat of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Title: Sleep Quality and Emotional State of Medical Students in Dubai.
Title: Sleep quality and mental health in coronavirus disease 2019 patients and general population during the pandemic.
Title: Self-Reported Sleep Quality Across Age Modulates Resting-State Functional Connectivity in Limbic and Fronto-Temporo-Parietal Networks: An Exploratory Cross-Sectional fMRI Study.
Title: Prevalence of screen time use and its relationship with obesity, sleep quality, and parental knowledge of related guidelines: A study on children and adolescents attending Primary Healthcare Centers in the Makkah Region.
